#S1E1

Dr Frasier Crane, having left Boston and 'Cheers' behind him, 
        has moved back to his home town of Seattle, got himself a new job as a 
        radio psychiatrist on talk radio station KACL, a stylish new apartment 
        and is settling into his new life. After meeting with his brother Niles, 
        though, he discovers that his father Martin has had an accident and they 
        both decide that he should go and live with Frasier, which he does along 
        with Martin's best friend - his dog Eddie. After a manic few days, Frasier 
        is ready to throw him out but Niles suggests hiring a homecare worker. 
        Martin finally settles for a rather daffy psychic cum homecare worker 
        from Manchester called Daphne Moon, and despite Frasier saying no one 
        else was going to move in, she does and so Frasier now has to adjust to 
        sharing his new life with his father, his dog, and his father's homecare 
        worker. The scene has been set... 

#S1E2

The episode is set the day after the first episode where Frasier has 
        to adjust to Daphne and Martin in the morning, while they have to get 
        used to his somewhat esoteric tastes. The rest of the episode concerns 
        Frasier's quest for some peace and quiet to read a book. He then decides 
        that the root of his problem is the lack of a relationship with Martin 
        so he resolves to try and have a normal conversation together.
#S1E3

After Martin buys a new sharkskin suit, Niles and Frasier decide to try 
        and show their father more of the high class lifestyle they are used to 
        by booking reservations at the hottest new restaurant in Seattle - Le 
        Cigare Volone. Unfortunately, the night arrives and they find the restaurant 
        has lost their reservations. Martin then suggests they go to one of his 
        favourite restaurants - The Timber Mill. After getting their ties cut 
        off, Niles and Frasier proceed to insult the place and in doing so insult 
        Martin who storms out. The two sons then resolve to finish their meal 
        out of respect for their father.

#S1E4

Derek Mann, a writer for a local Seattle newspaper, writes in his column 
        one line - I hate Frasier Crane. Of course, this drives Frasier to distraction 
        and points out on his radio show that a better writer would provide a 
        detailed analysis of the show. This Mr Mann is quite happy to oblige and 
        fills the whole of his next column with them. Frasier then starts to attack 
        Derek personally on-air and he calls in and suggests they settle this 
        dispute like men - in a fight. Frasier agrees but only in the heat of 
        passion as he tells his father that he isn't going to go through with 
        it. Martin gets angry about this, saying it is like when Frasier said 
        he was going to fight the school bully Billy Kriezel and then backed out. 
        So the day of the big match arrives - what has Frasier decided to do....?

#S1E5

Frasier buys his father a telescope as a gift and by accident he spies 
        a woman in another apartment looking at him through another telescope. 
        They begin communicating through written notes and discovers her name 
        is Irene. Soon they are exchanging family histories but it is not before 
        Frasier writes down their phone number that they actually speak. Martin 
        is a little hesitant at first but soon sends Daphne and Frasier away so 
        they can talk in private. They both think they are going to go out on 
        a date but Martin surprises them by saying he turned her invitation down. 
        Martin says to Frasier that the reason is Irene's middle name is Rose, 
        the same as Hester Crane. It is only Daphne who realises that this is 
        not true and works out that it may be because he is a little self-conscious 
        about his hip. Eventually Martin agrees to go out on a date with Irene.

#S1E6

Frasier has purchased a painting by one of Seattles' hottest painters 
        Martha Paxton. He mentions it on his radio show and before you know it, 
        she's on the phone asking to come round and see it. Hastly, Frasier organises 
        a cocktail party in the paintings honour with Martha as guest of honour 
        but Eddie is licking the food, Martin embarrasses Frasier by showing guests 
        pictures of murder victims and Niles is hot on Daphne's trail. Finally, 
        Martha Paxton arrives but when she sees the painting, she announces to 
        everyone that she didn't paint it. Frasier goes back to the art dealer 
        where he bought the painting and asks for his money back, but he refuses 
        even though it is a fake. Determined to see justice done, he thinks about 
        taking matters into his own hands and goes back to the dealership armed 
        with a brick, but Niles manages to stop him just in time.

#S1E7

Frasier's advice to Marco, a caller who can't commit, saying he was staying 
        with this woman until someone better came along, is to either commit or 
        to break it off. Well, he takes the latter option and the woman in question 
        - Catherine - shows up at the studio to confront him. After an initial 
        fiery exchange, the pair of them discover they are both lonely and agree 
        to go out together. Meeting with Niles the next day, he is appalled to 
        learn he is going out with someone involved with one of his patients. 
        He also reminds him that if he breaks his code of ethics, he will be physically 
        sick. Then Marco calls up again and says he has seen Catherine with another 
        man but Frasier just can't say get back with her as he is enjoying her 
        company too much. Eventually Catherine and Frasier have a night alone 
        together and although initially fine, he starts to feel physically sick. 
        What will Frasier do....?

#S1E8

While Frasier and Niles are eating together at a Seattle restaurant, 
        they spy Martin having dinner with an old family friend Marion Lawler, 
        who they hadn't seen since a rift took place between the Cranes and the 
        Lawlers. This sets Niles' mind to work and having dug out his old journals 
        and photo albums, comes to the conclusion that Martin had an affair with 
        Marion. When confronted with this, Martin admits it. Frasier finds it 
        hard to come to terms with this when he is visited by Marion Lawler who 
        explains that it wasn't Martin having the affair but Hester Crane, the 
        boys mother, with her husband.

#S1E9

Frasier is in two minds about whether to start doing on-air endorsements 
        of products that as Frasier turns down, Bulldog laps up. After speaking 
        with Martin and Daphne, he agrees to try out the product first before 
        endorsing it. Bulldog's agent, Bebe Glazer, then introduces herself and 
        starts finding him new products. He balks, though, at an advert for a 
        can of nuts but his mind is changed when he finds out it is for television. 
        Just before it is about to be filmed, Frasier is still in a moral quandry 
        and meets with Niles to talk about it. What will Frasier finally decide 
        to do?

#S1E10

Roz has heard a juicy piece of gossip that one of the highly paid stars 
        on KACL has got to be fired and tells Frasier. After learning that Bulldog 
        has got a meeting with management, they arrive at the conclusion that 
        it's Bulldog who has to go. Frasier is telling the rumour the next day 
        to Father Mike and Bulldog accidentally overhears him. He then rushes 
        off to see Ned Miller before his meeting and resigns. Frasier then learns 
        from Roz that the rumour wasn't true and it's not Bulldog that's getting 
        fired - but it's too late. Later at home, when Martin asks Frasier where 
        Bulldog was, Daphne senses that Frasier is shrouded in an aura of guilt 
        about Bulldog and he comes out with the truth - he was responsible for 
        Bulldog quitting. Martin then demands that Frasier goes to see Ned Miller 
        and get him his job back even if it means he loses his own. Bulldog then 
        shows up at Frasier's door - his girlfriend has left him because he's 
        not on the radio any more. Frasier eventually lets him stay out of guilt 
        and goes to see Ned Miller. During his visit he learns that it was actually 
        himself that was going to be let go, but then a phonecall comes through 
        saying it's actually Ned Miller who is going to be fired.

#S1E11

Following a discussion where Daphne tells Niles she prefers her men to 
        be more on the macho side, which leads to Niles trying to prove this for 
        the rest of the episode, Frasier informs everyone that Martin's doctor 
        has been on the phone asking why he hasn't turned up for his physical. 
        After Martin arrives, he eventually finds out his game has been rumbled 
        and says he doesn't want to go to Dr Jennings anymore. Niles suggests 
        another one and Frasier takes Martin this time. Once there, they discover 
        that the doctor has died and this leads to Frasier worrying about his 
        own death. After sorting out his affairs, Martin suggests he find out 
        more about the person. So Frasier takes it upon himself to go to the doctor's 
        shiva and find out about the truth.

#S1E12

After looking forward to spending Christmas with Frederick and the rest 
        of the family up at an actual log cabin, Lilith informs Frasier that Frederick 
        has a once in a lifetime opportunity to visit Austria, see Julie Andrews 
        and have dinner with her ('The Sound of Music' is Fredericks favourite 
        movie). This leads to a row with his father and he ends up deciding to 
        stay at home for Christmas and do the noon - 4pm slot on KACL that Bulldog 
        is trying to get other people to do. After a quite depressing show, he 
        ends up at 'Lou's Place' where a lot of homeless people go for their Christmas 
        meal. Having eaten, he realises he has left his wallet at the station 
        but the others don't believe him and they have a whipround for him, leaving 
        Frasier feeling very humbled.

#S1E13

After Frasier tries to get Niles to take Martin out for the evening because 
        he has a date and Martin agrees, Martin wants Frasier to do the same for 
        him because he also has a date with Elaine Morris who also lives in the 
        same building as Frasier. The morning after the date, Frasier is asking 
        how it went last night - when in walks Elaine! Frasier is thrown by this 
        and really puts his foot in it as almost everything he says becomes an 
        innuendo. 
After we discover that Roz is going out with Noel Shempsky, a Star Trek 
        addict, on the show, Frasier is talking to a caller about trying not to 
        pigeonhole people and gives the example of how he thought his father didn't 
        have sex and yet there he was this morning with a lovely young lady, Elaine. 
        This sends Martin into a rage as now Elaine won't talk to him, so Frasier 
        resolves to fix it by inviting Elaine on-air to a romantic dinner with 
        Martin. The time arrives and the doorbell goes - but outside is half the 
        buildings inhabitants dying to find out how it went. Then Elaine arrives 
        in the lift but doesn't want to go in, so Frasier takes Martin and Elaine 
        into the lift so they can have some privacy. How will it all end?


#S1E14

One of Martin's friends is organising a bachelor auction, so he wants 
        Frasier to ask if Bulldog will do it, and then says Frasier can also take 
        part. The night comes and Roz 'buys' a lineback from the Seattle Seahawks, 
        Frasier is bought by a model, Kristina, and a meal is arranged for them 
        together at his apartment. Bulldog on the other hand is bought by a frightened 
        looking Daphne who opened the bidding at $100 after prompting from Martin 
        but he received no other bids. The night of Frasier's date arrives but 
        Kristina has to go and do a last minute photo shoot and leaves Frasier 
        to look after her teenage daughter, Renata. Daphne, on the other hand, 
        is having a great time getting drunk in a limo with Bulldog until she 
        gets him pulled out of it by calling someone who was honking their horn 
        too loudly an idiot. Back at Frasier's, Renata starts to recant terrible 
        tales about her mother and when Kristina arrives back, Frasier confronts 
        her with these stories. Unfortunately, Frasier seems never to have heard 
        of the word 'lie'....

#S1E15

As Martin is being shown around KACL by Frasier, they meet Roz in her 
        booth who tells them of her story where she lent $10 to someone wanting 
        to get to the Australian consulate - only to be told by Martin that there 
        isn't one in Seattle and so Roz learns she has been scammed. Frasier says 
        that you can always tell if someone is a criminal, so Martin asks him 
        to put it to the test. He's having three buddies round for poker - Frank, 
        Linda and Jimmy - 2 are cops, one did time in prison. 
The evening comes and Frasier starts to put new twists on everything 
        people say as he tries to figure out who the ex-criminal among them is. 
        Frasier picks Frank - wrong, then Linda - wrong again. As we find out 
        Jimmy was the ex-con, Daphne does too who has agreed to go out with him 
        to the Topaz Room. Martin says she shouldn't go, Frasier thinks she should, 
        Daphne meanwhile will make her own mind up. As Frasier relates this to 
        Niles the next day, he is obviously upset that anyone is going out with 
        Daphne, let alone a criminal. So he and Frasier rush down there to find 
        themselves rather out of place, and when they bump into a man who has 
        $200 riding on a shot they caused him to miss, rather unwelcome. Daphne 
        sees them and says if she can sink 5 balls in one shot, they should let 
        them go, if not he can have the $400 she has won. The man ups it to 6 
        - 5 go in, 1 misses and Daphne screams "run for it" as all three 
        run with their lives.

#S1E16

As Frasier is giving advice to one of his callers, someone else calls 
        in saying he is giving the wrong advice - that person is his ex wife, 
        Lilith Sternin. As the ice princess tells him she is here in Seattle for 
        a convention and continues to put down Frasier, Roz suggests they meet 
        up again, to which he agrees politely to an air but is seeing with anger 
        underneath. The night that Lilith is due to arrive, Niles reminds everyone 
        of the continuing feud between he and Lilith due to her sniggering at 
        Maris's wedding vows, while Daphne has a psychic headache. Lilith arrives 
        and can't help but still make fun of Niles' wedding vows, while Martin 
        is just so over the moon to see her (!).
As the evening draws on, Niles and Lilith make up and then just she and 
        Frasier are left alone together. She admits that her reason for being 
        in Seattle is made up - she has come because of the letter that Frasier 
        left last time he went home to see Frederick, saying how he thinks they 
        should get back together. Frasier admits he did write that letter and 
        leave it in the apartment - but more than a year ago. Lilith just wants 
        to leave with dignity. The next day, Frasier admits that this letter has 
        stirred up feelings again, and later when he and Lilith are due to go 
        out for dinner, they end up sleeping together. The next morning, Frasier 
        realises it was a mistake and is pleased when Lilith says exactly that, 
        except that she was talking about the eggs. How will Frasier get out of 
        that one....?

#S1E17

Daphne bumps into Frasier and Niles in Cafe Nervosa while buying some 
        coffee beans, and becomes charmed by the waiter Eric. He asks her out 
        on a date, making Niles rather jealous. This prompts Frasier to question 
        with Niles his continuing infatuation with Daphne and asks whether there 
        is anything wrong at home. Niles admits his marriage is in a bit of a 
        rut, and after consulting Roz, suggests some fantasy sexual roleplaying 
        to spice it up. That night Niles turns up at Frasier's having been kicked 
        out by Maris. The reason? He had dressed as a pirate wearing only an eye 
        patch covering his modesty and left clues to find him in the closet. Unfortunately, 
        he was discovered by the maid and then Maris misread the situation.
After staying the night, Daphne suggests cooking her a romantic meal 
        and offers to help. The weather turns stormy, and Maris is unable to fly 
        back from her favourite spa. This leaves a soaked through Daphne and a 
        lonely Niles to themselves. When Frasier finds out the two of them will 
        be alone together, he and Martin rush off to stop him doing anything stupid. 
        Will Niles let his passions get the better of him as Daphne changes in 
        to a thin negligee and admits to breaking up with Eric...?

#S1E18

After being nominated for a Seabea, an award given at the annual Seattle 
        radio awards, Roz, who has been waiting a decade for a nomination, and 
        Frasier decide that to boost their chances they should send the members 
        of the jury gifts from the Tiffany catalogue. This horrifies Martin, but 
        they are adamant. The night dawns and they discover that Fletcher Grey, 
        also nominated, has been nominated for the 11th time and never won. This 
        starts to send Frasier on a guilt trip as the advance word is that he 
        and Roz have the award in the bag. The ceremony begins with the announcement 
        that Fletcher Grey is retiring, making Frasier even more guilty. Finally 
        then, the announcement of the winner is made.....

#S1E19

Frasier is tired of having Martin's old, shabby chair making a mockery 
        of his apartment so he and Niles go to a furniture store to purchase a 
        new one. While most are hideous, they find one with a built in massage 
        element that is quite nice and take it home to Martin. He doesn't really 
        like it, so Frasier asks Leo the bulding's lackey to fetch his father's 
        chair from his storage space, but it transpires that Leo has taken it 
        to the dump. Martin is outraged so Frasier appeals on his show for someone 
        to ring in with the location of his father's chair. It is eventually located 
        in a high school production of 'Ten Little Indians'. One of the students 
        has fallen ill, but Frasier just wants the chair. The teacher won't let 
        him have it until he agrees to play the students part, which is the one 
        he played in his own school production of the play. Will Frasier agree 
        just to get the chair back....?

#S1E20

Frasier is beginning to show some of the signs of middle age - he's forgetting 
        people's names, can't remember how to finish a tune on the piano he knows 
        backwards - but doesn't want to admit it until Martin convinces him that 
        the best thing to do is not to fight it. However on a trip to a department 
        store with Martin and Daphne, an attractive young sales assistant called 
        Carrie starts giving Frasier a lot of attention which makes Frasier believe 
        she is giving him the come-on, but Martin just thinks she flatters all 
        her customers that way. Carrie then turns up at KACL the next day with 
        Frasier's trousers and asks him out on a date but he turns her down - 
        much to Roz and Bulldog's amazement. He then has to decide - if he does 
        go out with her, is it to try and make him feel young again or based on 
        the prospect that something lasting may come out of it. He then goes down 
        to the department store to find Carrie and announce his decision........

#S1E21

Frasier's brochures for a vacation have arrived, and he plans to go alone. 
        However, Roz shames him by telling him he is taking her mother with her, 
        so Frasier resolves to try and improve his relationship with his father 
        by going on vacation with him and lets him choose the destination. Martin 
        wants to see America in a Winnebago, an American motor home, and Frasier 
        is excited on the outside but appalled on the inside. So he tries to convince 
        Niles to come with him because he is worried about what will happen when 
        the two of them are alone, who refuses until Martin announces he has convinced 
        Daphne to come, for the same reason, upon which Niles agrees immediately. 
        Once on the road, Martin wants to go to Mount Rushmore but as they approach 
        the turn-off, Frasier decides they should become free spirits and go where 
        the wind takes them. Although initially appalled, Martin eventually enjoys 
        it and they stop off at a tourist place where you can have your photo 
        taken with a grizzly bear. As they have the photo taken, Daphne learns 
        they are in Canada and screams - she doesn't have her Green Card yet. 
        The rest of them resolve to try and smuggle her back across the border. 
        As they approach the border, they are pulled over - will they make it 
        pass the border guard with Frasier and Niles on edge and Daphne only able 
        to say 'Sure' in an American accent......?

#S1E22

Niles meets Frasier in Cafe Nervosa with a problem - his book deal is 
        about to fall through unless he comes up with a book idea within the next 
        minute as he is about to meet his publisher. The publisher arrives and 
        meets both brothers, then suggests that there is perhaps a book about 
        sibling relationships to be written by two psychiatrist brothers. Niles 
        says this was exactly the idea he was going to suggest, leaving Frasier 
        astonished. Frasier at first flatly refuses to participate, but Niles 
        wins him round by reminding him of their past successful collaborations. 
        As they begin to write in Frasier's apartment, Frasier comes up with the 
        idea of using his radio show to collect anecdotes about sibling relationships 
        from his listeners. So Niles and Frasier go on the air together and collect 
        a lot of remarkable stories, which the publisher also hears. He phones 
        once the show is finished, and after they both lie about how much they've 
        achieved, the publisher asks them to have it finished by Monday. The brothers 
        resolve to lock themselves in a hotel room and not come out until they 
        have finished. As the tension mounts and tempers flare, will the book 
        ever be finished...?

#S1E23

Frasier is starting to get ill but doesn't want to take the day off because 
        he believes Gil Chesterton will try to take his timeslot by 'helpfully' 
        filling in. However, he relents when he gets much worse. At home, Martin 
        is recalling the sickest he ever was while Daphne is tending to Frasier's 
        incredibly petty requests. While Niles visits, Roz phones and tells him 
        he was right - Gil is vying for his slot. He then tries to get Niles to 
        fill in his slot who agrees. He starts out as dreadfully dull, but by 
        the end he has become scintillating as he brings the love back into two 
        people's relationship. Frasier is now paranoid Niles is after his slot 
        and races down to KACL high on drugs. He manages to throw both Niles and 
        Roz out of the studio and lock them out. He then starts taking calls, 
        calling one caller's problem boring and cuts another one off for saying 
        his name twice. Eventually, they manage to drag Frasier off the air and 
        Niles takes over again. Will he remember anything when he wakes up the 
        next morning...?

#S1E24

Frasier meets Niles for a coffee at Cafe Nervosa, but they can't find 
        a table inside the busy cafe so decide to take a table outside. Niles 
        then poses a deceptively simple question "Are you happy?" after 
        Frasier reminds Niles that it is a year since he moved to Seattle. However, 
        the discussion gets interrupted first by Roz who is meeting a guy at the 
        cafe, and then by a discussion on whether Niles married Maris for the 
        money, and then by rain. After finding a table inside, they then ponder 
        over whether Niles is gay because he said "Wow" when describing 
        Roz's date. However, as Frasier is about to answer Niles' question in 
        comes Daphne and a cranky Martin. After they leave, Frasier tries once 
        again to answer the question but Frasier asks whether Niles is in love 
        with Daphne and then Martin returns and reveals that he was angry because 
        everyone forgot his birthday. The boys are shocked at themselves but resolve 
        to make it up to him by taking him out to dinner. Finally, as the waitress 
        who has been increasingly aggravated by Frasier's quest for the perfect 
        cup of coffee, asks "Now are you finally happy", and Frasier 
        says that he is.

#S2E1

Frasier is outraged when he is introduced to an extremely popular book 
        that all the women, including Roz and Daphne, seem to be reading. It seems 
        that the book was written by a man who had been a patient of Frasier's. 
        In the course of the man's therapy, Frasier had told him a story drawn 
        from his own past, and the writer has used Frasier's story as the basis 
        for his book. Frasier feels betrayed and violated, especially since the 
        story of his sexual initiation when he was a sensitive 18-year old taking 
        piano lessons from a very attractive older (forty-ish) woman. Ultimately, 
        with Niles's help, Frasier realizes that he is troubled because he never 
        said goodbye to the woman. So he tracks he down and says all the things 
        he should have said so long ago without realizing he is talking to her 
        mother....

#S2E2

A neighbour complains that Eddie got her dog pregnant, and she has the 
        proof: a box full of puppies that look just like Eddie. Frasier is shocked 
        - he was certain that Eddie had been fixed. Now he insists that his father 
        gets the job done, but Martin keeps making the appointment and then cancelling 
        it. When Frasier takes matters into his own hands and takes Eddie down 
        to the vet himself, Martin shows up. As Frasier mentions 'bath', someone 
        opens the door and Eddie runs out. Martin is beside himself and can't 
        think about anything else, so he, Frasier and Niles decide to go back 
        to the park at night to look for him. Niles manages to be frightened by 
        a raccoon and a bush before going home, leaving Frasier and Martin alone. 
        Martin reveals he is really upset because everything seems to be changing 
        - first he made the rules, now he has to live by (Frasier's house) rules, 
        so Frasier agrees not to be as strict. In the end, Eddie returns.
#S2E3

Daphne sets off the smoke alarm by smoking in her room, the reason for 
        this - as Frasier discovers - is her rather despondent love life. Having 
        sat up half the night discussing this with Daphne, Frasier misses his 
        meeting with the new station manager Tom Duran, who visits Frasier in 
        the studio after his show. He tells him he's just come back from working 
        in London, is a big fan of theatre and the English people, and has just 
        split up from someone. This starts Frasier thinking about Daphne, and 
        when he mentions he loves their eccentricities, his mind is made up - 
        he invites Tom to dinner at his place. Unbeknownst to Frasier, Tom is 
        gay and naturally assumes Frasier has asked him out on a date. So the 
        scene is set for a dinner where Tom thinks Frasier is gay, Frasier doesn't 
        know Tom is gay, and Niles is angry that Frasier has set Daphne up with 
        someone....

#S2E4

After Niles, Frasier and Martin have to share a taxi after Frasier's 
        car brakes down, they suddenly find themselves in unfamiliar territory 
        as the taxi driver goes into labour. Frasier and Niles get completely 
        flustered so it is up to Martin to take control of the situation. Talking 
        afterwards of the miracle of childbirth, Niles feels a bit left out. Frasier 
        suggests something that teenagers do to see the parental responsiblilty 
        involved in having a child - carry around a bag of flour as if it were 
        a child. Niles takes up the challenge, and before the week is out it has 
        been burnt, singed and savaged by dogs. What will Niles decide about childbearing 
        now...? Meanwhile, Frasier has signed a get well card he believed was 
        a birthday card with a comment about death and tries to get it back before 
        the patient notices.

#S2E5

Niles comes to Frasier with an exciting proposition - go halves with 
        him in an investment in a property development company called Meadow Wood 
        Properties. At first reluctant, Frasier eventually agrees. That evening, 
        Martin invites both Frasier and Niles to Duke's for a beer - they are 
        initially shell-shocked. Not even their mother had been to Duke's, leading 
        Frasier and Niles to search for reasons why they have been invited and 
        come up with none. Once there, however, everyone is friendly and jovial 
        towards them, even though they seem out of place. Then Martin launches 
        into a toast - 'to those heartless bastards at Meadow Wood Properties 
        who are tearing this joint down'. 
Frasier and Niles try and get out of the deal but find that they can't. 
        Frasier is convinced that he can live with the guilt, but finds it tough 
        going until he actually tells his father the truth. Initially angry, he 
        soon comes to terms with his loss, and both father and son go down to 
        Duke's for one last drink before the demolition team begin. As Martin 
        finally says goodbye to the place, Niles rushes in determined to stand 
        in the way and not let them tear down the bar. His commendable stance 
        soon evaporates, though, when the demolition of the bar begins.....

#S2E6

A female caller to Frasier's show is depressed with her life and her 
        job so Frasier suggests trying something new such as moving to a new town 
        as Frasier too sometimes finds Seattle a depressing place to live. Thinking 
        nothing of the advice he has dispensed, he awakes the next day to find 
        Derek Mann has complained about Frasier's comments in his newspaper column 
        but Frasier is adamant that he has said nothing wrong and refuses to apologise, 
        despite Martin's warning that you don't knock the city. Arriving at work, 
        he finds out that Roz has been on the phone to irate listeners all morning 
        and has broken Bulldog's complaints record with 50 people complaining. 
        Although Frasier maintains he won't apologise, his whole show is filled 
        with people angry about what he has said.
At the end of his show, Frasier does finally apologise but hits the wrong 
        button and he is still on the air when he complains to Roz about all the 
        "whiny people" that have called in before Roz finally takes 
        him off the air. She comes over later that night to tell Frasier that 
        management are threatening to suspend Frasier unless he does something 
        to put it right and so he agrees to give a speech at a benefit dinner 
        for St Bart's Hospital. Feeling nervous on the night, he goes to the bathroom 
        at the same time as Father Mike explains that the Bishop who normally 
        introduces the guest speaker has gone missing after a boating accident. 
        Unfortuantely, Frasier then proceeds to make faux pas after faux pas ......

#S2E7

Martin has made an election broadcast for Seattle mayor candidate, Holden 
        Thorpe, much to Frasier and Niles' disgust as they regard him as a dangerously 
        right-wing man. This prompts Niles into action who suggests to Frasier 
        that they get behind their choice for Mayor - Phil Patterson, Thorpe's 
        main rival. Frasier is at first reluctant as he fears that listeners maybe 
        be alienated after finding out his political views but soon changes his 
        mind after Thorpe calls in to his show and complains about Frasier's negative 
        attitude towards him.
So with Maris and her staff helping out at Patterson HQ, an election 
        broadcast starring Frasier is being made in his apartment. Everything 
        is going smoothly until Frasier and Phil are talking on the balcony, and 
        Phil reveals to Frasier that about six years ago he was abducted by aliens. 
        Frasier is a bit shell shocked and is questioning his support of Phil 
        until Niles calms him down. Frasier rationalises that because it was one 
        incident, perhaps stress related, he should continue supporting him. The 
        next day, however, Bulldog bursts into Roz's booth and says to Roz and 
        Frasier that it's all over the news about Phil and the aliens. At which, 
        Frasier goes on the air and says that you can't turn your back on someone 
        who believes in aliens. However, Bulldog was referring to the Guatemalan 
        'aliens' that were staying at Phil's house......

#S2E8

In the series's first two-part episode, Frasier encounters his ideal 
        woman - sportswear designer Madeline Marshall who appears in Seattle Magazine's 
        top 100 hottest people, and invites her for dinner at a charming French 
        restaurant. After 2 fantastic weeks, Frasier admits this may be the woman 
        he spends the rest of his life with, but after Madeline suggests they 
        go away together for a short vacation and Frasier suggests Bora-Bora, 
        he then begins to be worried that things are moving too fast and they 
        don't know each other well enough. Luckily, his family convince him otherwise 
        and Frasier and Madeline arrive in the delightful island resort of Bora-Bora. 
        His ex-wife, however, has the last word....

#S2E9

In the second half of a two-part episode, Frasier and his ideal woman, 
        Madeline Marshall, share a secluded south seas island retreat next door 
        to Frasier's ex-wife, Lilith, and her new love interest Brian, a seismologist 
        from MIT. At first, Frasier and Lilith seem to be competing against each 
        other in the 'I've done better than you stakes', which results in Frasier 
        pretending to have sex with Madeline convinced that Lilith is doing the 
        same next door. Unfortunately, she appears at the door with Brian and 
        Madeline walks in from the shower, understandably shocked. 
Back in Seattle, Frasier tries to make amends on his radio show and succeds 
        in inviting Madeline to dinner. As the two of them begin to get intimate, 
        Madeline wants to make sure things are over between Frasier and Lilith 
        after a bad experience with a divorced man once before. He assures her 
        everything is fine, but as Frasier leaves the room to take Eddie back 
        to his room, Lilith appears at the door, and Madeline walks out. Frasier 
        comes back in and discovers to his horror that Madeline has been replaced 
        by Lilith. She informs him that Brian asked her to marry him, and she 
        accepted and has come to get Frasier's blessing which he gives. Frasier 
        then resolves to take Madeline back for a proper romantic break in Bora-Bora....

#S2E10

Maris is going into hospital to have her cosmetic surgery done, and asks 
        Frasier and Martin to come along too for some moral support. They agree, 
        and while they are there, Frasier bumps into Martin's old partner on the 
        police force - Artie Walsh. Frasier and Niles know that they had a huge 
        falling out years ago and have never spoken since, but have never find 
        out the reason for their falling out. So when the boys mention that Artie 
        is in the hospital to Martin, he is at first adamant he doesn't want to 
        see him so it takes a bit of reverse psychology from Frasier to get him 
        to change his mind. However, their meeting takes a wrong turn and end 
        up fighting again at which point Martin storms off.
Frasier and Niles then turn their attention to trying to get Martin to 
        reveal the reason for them falling out. He reveals it was because Artie 
        spread a rumour that Martin cried at 'Brian's Song' which wasn't 
        true - he just got some salt in his eye. However, the other police officers 
        started making fun of him which then led to Martin making fun of Artie's 
        'man bosoms' and the size of Artie's wife Loretta. Frasier and Niles are 
        amazed that childish squabbling ruined a great friendship and finally 
        manage to get Martin to see Artie again. This time it is much more amicable 
        and they part on good terms.

#S2E11

When Frasier calls a plumber to fix a leaky toilet, after he and Niles 
        fail at it themselves in an attempt to show their father they're made 
        of sterner stuff than he thinks they are, they both have a flashback to 
        some of the indignities of their school days. The plumber is in fact Danny 
        Kriezel, who tortured Niles with such time honoured traditions as the 
        'swirly'. But when he has to call in his brother, Frasier's school bully 
        Billy Kriezel, Frasier takes revenge on his torturer while Niles sorts 
        his problems out by talking.

#S2E12

Roz manages to sprain her ankle when she rushes out of the studio and 
        trip over a bent-down Bulldog, landing her at home resting. Frasier goes 
        to visit her in her apartment, giving her the chore of answering the fan 
        mail while laid up. Then Bulldog knocks on the door - Roz doesn't want 
        to let him in but Frasier thinks otherwise. He comes bearing food and 
        drink, but Roz doesn't want to be left alone, afraid that Bulldog will 
        take the first opportunity to hit on her, however Frasier can't stay. 
        Things between Roz and Bulldog are amicable for a while until he says 
        he has come over in the hope she will be nice to him. Roz takes this the 
        wrong way, until Bulldog explains he wants her to produce his show instead 
        of Frasier's. 
When Frasier learns from Roz that her time with Bulldog was very nice, 
        and also notes that she came into work wearing the same clothes as yesterday, 
        he immediately comes to the conclusion that they have slept together. 
        When Roz complains bitterly, she tells him that he wants her to leave 
        Frasier's show and be Bulldog's producer. Frasier can't help but say that 
        this is Bulldog's way of getting it on with Roz - at which point, Roz 
        quits and joins Bulldog's show. Frasier goes through a series of incompetent 
        producers, while Roz and Bulldog go from strength to strength. Frasier 
        is sure that Bulldog's libido can't stay dormant forever, and will then 
        come crawling back to Frasier but weeks go by and nothing. Could Frasier 
        have been wrong? Daphne and Martin try to convince him to apologise to 
        Roz but he is adamant he is right. However, at a production meeting at 
        Roz's apartment, Bulldog takes some things Roz is saying the wrong way 
        and lies in Roz's bed naked. When Roz sees him, she throws his clothes 
        out of the window leaving Bulldog to run out into the street near naked. 
        As he opens the door, there is Frasier with a bunch of flowers and simply 
        says: "I'm listening".

#S2E13

For twenty years Martin has been obsessed with solving the Weeping Lotus 
        murder case, and Frasier is beginning to think it is an unhealthy obsession. 
        So when Bulldog gives up 2 tickets for the Knicks/Sonics basketball game, 
        he immediately snaps them up thinking it'll get the case of Martin's mind 
        - he also obtains a third ticket so he can also take a rather reluctant 
        Niles too. Once there, Niles just isn't getting into the game and prefers 
        listening to his personal stereo, while Martin still can't take his mind 
        off the case. He reveals that his sudden resurge in interest was sparked 
        by a phone call from the mother of Helen, the dead prostitute. Martin 
        promised he would solve the case for her, and she is now an old woman. 
        It seems only Frasier is getting into the spirit of the game.Back at Frasier's, 
        Martin and Daphne are back pouring over the photos to see if the can solve 
        the case, but Martin gives up for the night leaving Frasier, Niles and 
        Daphne pondering the photographs. 
After learning that one of Helen's ex-boyfriends, a man with a group 
        of performing apes, had trained them to shoot arrows, Frasier believes 
        that the boyfriend had trained one of the monkeys to kill Helen because 
        she had jilted him for someone else. All three are overjoyed that they 
        have solved the case, causing Niles to call for his father but Frasier 
        says he'll be crushed if he realises someone else had worked out who the 
        murderer was before he did. Frasier's solution is to arrange the photois 
        in such a way that the solution is obvious - so Martin arrives, sees the 
        arranged photos and announces he knows who the murderer was. The next 
        day, Martin went straight down to the station while Frasier worries that 
        his solution maybe completely wrong. Martin returns saying that all the 
        cops had given him funny looks, and Frasier admits he had worked it out 
        first and rearranged the photos to lead to the right solution. However, 
        at the door is Frank the police chief, togther with a load of cops, saying 
        that Martin was completely right. While Frasier and Daphne are in the 
        kitchen, all the other cops ask how Martin managed to work out that Detective 
        Shelby had done it. When Frasier comes back in, Martin asks him to explain 
        how he arrived at the solution and starts to wonder why everyone is looking 
        funny at him when he explains at length how the monkey did it......

#S2E14

Niles is complaining to Frasier in Cafe Nervosa that people aren't very 
        curteous anymore when Roz appears to give Frasier a tape he and Martin 
        are planning to watch. However, Roz doesn't want to sit next to Niles 
        as all he ever does is make snide comments at her. Frasier says they should 
        sort it out once and for all, which they do while Frasier gets her a coffee. 
        When he returns however, someone has stolen his briefcase from under his 
        chair. Niles thinks he sees a man about to leave with it, so Frasier confronts 
        him but it turns out to be a priest with a similar looking case. Frasier 
        appeals to his listeners on his show for any information on his case, 
        and someone rings in after the show who has found the case so Frasier 
        arranges to meet him at the Cafe Nervosa. Once there, Niles questions 
        why he agreed to meet a man with Frasier's spare car keys at a place he 
        would arrive in his car. Frasier dismisses his mistrust - only to then 
        see his car being driven off down the road!
Frasier is seeing his inherent belief in the goodness in people being 
        torn to shreds, but Martin and Niles just can't help but laugh at Frasier's 
        situation. The next day however, a lady called Denise calls Frasier at 
        KACL thanking him for the previous night, her first time of sleeping with 
        a man, but Frasier has no idea what she is talking about until she mentions 
        she only saw his BMW driving away in the morning. Realising the thief 
        is now impersonating him, Frasier takes advantage of the fact that Denise 
        can't meet 'Frasier' at Alberto's and goes instead, hoping to finally 
        catch him. Frasier is in luck - Phil arrives wearing one of Frasier's 
        suits and tries to escape, but Frasier tries to talk to him about why 
        he does what he does at which point Phil reveals he is a lazy criminal 
        - just doing minor thefts, etc. He even calls the police for Frasier, 
        so Frasier tries to convince Phil not to take the easy option and own 
        up to what he did to the police. At that moment, the police arrive to 
        arrest the person impersonating Frasier, and of course the real Frasier 
        has no identification....

#S2E15

Frasier and Martin discover one of Daphne's inspirational books - 'Have 
        A Rainbow' by Dr Honey Snow, which Frasier cannot stand because he thinks 
        it's absolute drivel. Then Niles arrives and is telling everyone about 
        his new stockbroker Wendell who seems to be brilliant at choosing the 
        best stocks to which Daphne says she would like to invest $500 of her 
        own money. Daphne then asks Frasier to get Dr Honey Snow's new book at 
        a signing, and reluctantly agrees. Once he meets Dr Honey Snow, though, 
        he is instantly attracted to her. They seem to strike up a rapport and 
        agree to go on a date together, but just before they are about to go off 
        to dinner, Dr Honey asks Frasier to take a read of her next manuscript 
        and hopes that if Frasier likes it, he will write the foreword to it. 
        Niles also presents Daphne with her a cheque for $700 - made from selling 
        their stock at the right time. She rewards Niles with a big hug and kiss.
After two weeks, Frasier is still struggling to come up with a foreword 
        but doesn't want to tell Dr Snow because he wants to keep seeing her. 
        Niles is also over with another cheque for Daphne from having reinvested 
        their money in another stock, and again receives a hug and kiss. When 
        Daphne is out of the room, Frasier informs Niles that he also invested 
        in the same stock and his one went down. Niles then admits that while 
        the first stock went up, every other one hasn't and he is just giving 
        Daphne her original money back 'with a bit on top'. Frasier complains 
        that this is testament to prostituition - albeit of a less sordid kind. 
        This sparks off an argument between the brothers, with Niles saying that 
        his situation with Honey Snow is no different because he keeps lying to 
        her to get sexual favours. Eventually, Frasier admits he will have to 
        tell Honey the truth, and after they go back to her apartment for a nightcap 
        with Dr Snow coming on very strong to Frasier, he is finding it harder 
        and harder to tell her the truth. Finally, he does - and she gets turned 
        on by this, leading Frasier to keep criticising her work until he goes 
        too far and she orders him out

#S2E16

Sam Malone, the barman from 'Cheers', pays Frasier a surprise 
        visit at KACL where he learns that the plumber Rebecca married made a 
        fortune from a new kind of low-flo toilet - and promptly dumped her. Also, 
        Woody and Kelly had a baby who is smart and Cliff hasn't left his mother's 
        house since reading about a new kind of flesh eating bacteria. Frasier 
        invites Sam to dinner at his apartment where Niles joins them, together 
        with Martin and Daphne. Martin is proud that a major baseball player is 
        coming to dinner, while Daphne can't understand the fuss - until she meets 
        him. During the evening, a lady called Sheila calls for Sam but he doesn't 
        want to talk to her. When Frasier presses for more information, he reveals 
        that she is his fiancee and was supposed to marry her the day before. 
        Frasier manages to convince Sam it is just pre-marital nerves and that, 
        deep down, he does want to marry Sheila - Sam agrees.
Frasier gets Roz and Niles to join him in Cafe Nervosa because he has 
        invited Sam and Sheila to meet them before they fly off to Hawaii for 
        their marriage. They arrive, but don't stay because Sheila is feeling 
        tired. Frasier then confesses that he slept with Sheila three months ago 
        - as Roz and Niles look on aghast. Apparently, he was on a long weekend 
        in Boston and took solace in the arms of a woman - Sheila, as it turned 
        out. Frasier goes over to talk to Sheila before they fly out, and discovers 
        that she is a sexual compulsive, just like Sam - in fact, they met at 
        a sexual compulsive's group. She is sorry for cheating on Sam, and Frasier 
        believes her but both agree they don't need to tell Sam. Just then, Sam 
        returns from buying their plane tickets and decides to come clean about 
        an affair he had after they got engaged. Sheila does the same, but Frasier 
        is relieved when she reveals it was Paul she slept with. She also reveals 
        she slept with someone else from Cheers - Cliff. At that, Sam cancels 
        the wedding.

#S2E17

Niles and Martin enter Frasier's apartment with Niles lamenting the fact 
        that he has made Maris angry for respecting her wishes not to celebrate 
        her 40th birthday in any way. He comes to the decision that a big costume 
        ball is the answer. Frasier, meanwhile, is searching the apartment for 
        a book he has to return to the station manager about the history of the 
        English theatre. Martin mentions that Daphne was looking for something 
        to send her to sleep, and should ask her when she comes in. Feeling impatient, 
        Frasier gingerly enters Daphne's room and spies his book on her bedside 
        table. After picking it up, he can't help but start looking at the rest 
        of Daphne's belongings having never been in there before. Just as he picks 
        up a bottle of pills, Daphne comes in and demands to know what he is doing. 
        Frasier hurridly apologises and rushes out. The whole incident turns Daphne 
        very hostile against Frasier but he eventually apologises and she forgives 
        him. 
However, when Frasier rediscovers the bottle of pills he accidentally 
        took, he realises she will miss them so seizing the moment when Daphne 
        is about to give Martin his physical therapy, he once again enters Daphne's 
        toom to return them. Just as he does, Daphne re-enters after Martin refuses 
        to do them leaving Frasier to rush into the closet to hide. Daphne then 
        starts to undress for a shower and as Daphne moves around her room, Frasier 
        keeps trying to get out but ends up behind her bathroom door as Daphne 
        gets in the shower. Daphne then says "What are you doing?! Get out! 
        That's disgusting !" and Frasier rushes out from behind the door 
        to see Eddie drinking from the toilet, before running out. Daphne considers 
        quitting so Frasier will have to come up with something pretty good to 
        keep her from leaving.

#S2E18

Niles arrives at KACL with news that makes Frasier insanely jealous - 
        he has a chance to be accepted into the prestigious Empire Club, something 
        he and Maris have been working to get into their whole married life. Frasier's 
        jealousy eases when he is informed that a second opening has become available 
        when another member was arrested. Niles and Frasier therefore decide the 
        best way for the both of them to get into the club is for each to promote 
        the other at the cocktail reception the club is holding to decide who 
        should get in. Armed with the cards Niles has prepared on all the club's 
        committe members, the two brothers are ready to go. Frasier's date calls 
        to cancel so he decides to take Daphne instead.
At the reception, the Crane brothers are doing well at promoting the 
        other when they learn that only one place is available because the member 
        who was arrested was acquitted and let back in. This sparks off the highly 
        competitive streak in the brothers and so they start stabbing each other 
        in the back with Niles telling the committe members about Frasier's suicide 
        attempt and Frasier telling everyone about Niles being arrested for mooning 
        the president. This leaves bad blood between the Crane brothers which 
        is eased when Frasier finally apologises, which is soon followed by a 
        call on Niles' mobile from the Club - Niles didn't get in, but Frasier 
        did. This leaves Frasier feeling guilty for Niles because he has been 
        working much harder than Frasier to get in and so he goes down to the 
        Club to get them to take Niles instead of him. Over at Frasier's apartment, 
        Niles learns from Martin what Frasier intends to do and is appalled, so 
        he rushes down to the Club. The club president is informing Frasier that 
        they didn't want Niles because he is a radio psychiatrist and just as 
        Frasier is about to explain, Niles rushes in and says he doesn't want 
        to be a member of the Club which leaves Niles to double back when Frasier 
        informs him of their mistake but it is too late - the club president throws 
        them both out.

#S2E19

Frasier has been receiving calls to his show all week from his self-proclaimed 
        "Number 1 fan" Kari, who is driving Roz up the wall. After Frasier 
        finds out his show has been nominated for a SeaBea, she calls in and tells 
        him she saw him buying Roz a rose. Roz tells him to be careful but he 
        just brushes her worries aside. Following this he finds a scarf she knitted 
        in his briefcase and a note from her in his jacket which ends with the 
        ominous phrase "I'll be at your awards ceremony tonight". Roz 
        is more concerned about the fact that an enormous spot has appeared on 
        the end of her nose on the night of the awards ceromony.
All of the attention shown by Kari starts to put Frasier on edge, and 
        fearing he is the subject of a stalker, decides to hire a bodyguard to 
        protect him at the awards ceremony. Expecting a big, muscle-man, he is 
        a bit taken aback by the arrival of his bodyguard Cindy. She is very professional, 
        however, but just as she leaves to check the elevator is clear, Kari calls 
        Frasier at home and says she'll be wearing a red dress before hanging 
        up. At the awards ceremony, Frasier turns paranoid first by thinking that 
        Cindy is Kari, then pinning one of the SeaBea committee members to the 
        floor because she is wearing a red dress and says she is his Number 1 
        fan. In the end, however, Martin sees a woman in a red dress wearing a 
        scarf similar to the one Frasier received and approaches her. She is apologetic 
        about the trouble she has caused, and is nothing like the stalker Frasier 
        imagined. It all ends with Frasier and Roz receiving the SeaBea - Roz 
        covering her spot with her hair, and Frasier having just escaped from 
        a group of people he annoyed having thought they were Kari.

#S2E20

Martin is preparing for his annual ice fishing trip with Duke when he 
        suddenly cancels. After Daphne says she couldn't wait to pan fry the kippers 
        her brothers brought home, Niles suddenly decides to go with his father. 
        Frasier, meanwhile, is obsessing over the fact that Martin never says 
        'I love you' to him yet he hears him say it to Eddie and Duke. Daphne 
        convinces him to go with his father and brother to see if he can get him 
        to say it. Once they arrive, Frasier hates every second while Niles is 
        getting into it, but after Niles drops the car keys through the hole in 
        their cabin into the lake, nerves begin to fray. While Martin goes outside, 
        Niles reveals that he came to try and get closer to Dad like Frasier has, 
        while Frasier also reveals his true purpose for coming. Martin comes in 
        as they are laughing about it and wants to know what they're laughing 
        about. After they tell him, Martin does finally say 'I love you' to his 
        sons (after a swig of Jim Beam!). 

#S2E21

Frasier receives a call on air about a woman who is convinced her husband, 
        a German fencing instructor, is having an affair with a wealthy new client. 
        Later, he learns from Niles that Maris has taken up fencing, with a German 
        fencing instructor called Gunnar. Frasier is convinced that Maris is having 
        an affair with Gunnar but Martin just says it's coincidence. However, 
        when the caller rings back and says she has found letters describing the 
        'other woman' as 'not quite human woman', and reveals that her husbands 
        name is Gunnar, Frasier is convinced. He goes to see Maris, in her sensory 
        deprivation tank, saying she has to end the affair and then opens it up 
        to confront her face to face - only to find Niles sitting there. Apparently, 
        Marta has trouble with her pronouns and so Niles is Missy Crane. Niles 
        is determined to stand up to Gunnar and challenges him to a duel. Let 
        swordplay commence.....

#S2E22

Niles and Frasier are in Cafe Nervosa discussing Maris chasing the presidency 
        of her wine club when Bebe Glaser, Frasier's agent, arrives and tells 
        him that they are only offering an 8% rise (as in his contract) so she 
        convinces him to hold out for a renogotiation of his contract. The station 
        starts to play hardball by interviewing replacements for Frasier and painting 
        over his car parking space - so when Bebe arrives at Frasier's apartment 
        he has turned very worried and wants her to agree to their pay rise. Bebe 
        reluctantly phones up Tom Duran, the station manager - and tells them 
        they have until midnight to agree to HER demands or Frasier walks. 
The station doesn't ring until 11.45pm, at which point Frasier is decidedly 
        worried about his future. Luckily, the station agrees to renegotiate his 
        contract from scratch the next morning - so Bebe and Frasier start to 
        celebrate. When Frasier is awoken by Martin the next morning, he starts 
        to recall the events of the previous night - at which point Bebe walks 
        into the lounge wearing Frasier's shirt! Bebe has taken this as a sign 
        of a relationship but Frasier makes her see it was a mistake. However, 
        after Bebe has gone to renegotiate his contract, he is sitting in Cafe 
        Nervosa with Niles when Bulldog rushes in and says Bebe is on the ledge 
        of Tom Duran's office and is threatening to jump. Fearing it may be his 
        rejection of her that has driven Bebe to this extreme, he rushes to her 
        aide. Once on the ledge, Bebe reveals this is just a tactic to get the 
        station to keep Frasier - and luckily, it works. Frasier is initially 
        appalled Bebe can sink so low but soon realises he is glad she is his 
        agent.

#S2E23

Frasier learns that Orcini's, a restaurant much frequented by the Crane's 
        when they were younger, is closing down, so he decides to take Niles, 
        Martin and Daphne there for one last meal. They find the place deserted 
        - but Frasier and Niles believe that with their expertise in food, they 
        could turn the fortunes of the restaurant around, and so decide to buy 
        the place, renaming it Les Freres Heureux (The Happy Brothers). The first 
        night is packed and everything is going smoothly until events begin to 
        conspire against them, and soon Martin is having to serve drinks, Niles 
        and Daphne are cooking and Roz is roped in to waitress. Just when things 
        couldn't get any worse, they do when Gil Chesterton and a group of restaurant 
        critics turn up to savour what turns out to be a memorable opening night 
        for the Cranes.....

#S2E24

Frasier finishes another week of dishing out advice to his callers by 
        telling Caroline she should consider finishing with her psychiatrist as 
        she feels she has gone as far as she can, and is relishing the prospect 
        of a weekend without giving advice on other people's problems. Roz then 
        receives a package of a block of cheese from her family after she decides 
        not to go to her family reunion. This makes Roz break down in tears recalling 
        some strange memories from reunions gone by. Frasier tries to cheer her 
        up by inviting her to Martin's birthday party that night in his apartment. 
        Frasier arrives home full of cheer and ready to settle down to an enjoyable 
        party and weekend - only to be greeted by Martin and Daphne arguing yet 
        again over Martin's exercises. Frasier gets them to call a truce for the 
        night, as Roz arrives, quickly followed by an angry Niles who complains 
        that Frasier is an unprincipled charlatan as Caroline, the caller to Frasier's 
        show, has decided to leave him.
The infighting between the family members starts up again, prompting 
        Roz to leave, but just as Martin blows out the candle on his cake, all 
        the lights go out - a blackout has hit Seattle. After arranging some emergency 
        candle lighting, Roz returns to Frasier's apartment after almost deciding 
        to brave it on the streets. The atmosphere is still frayed, so Frasier 
        suggests everyone participates in a game of "I'm the dullest person", 
        in an attempt to soothe the tension. This ends in yet more tantrums, and 
        Frasier ends up giving advice to all his extended family members which 
        makes everyone happy except Frasier himself because he feels people always 
        expect him to be a psychiatrist 24 hours a day but he ends up learning 
        to live with it.

#S3E1

There is a new station manager at KACL - Kate Costas. She apparently 
        has a fearsome reputation which leaves the staff somewhat worried as they 
        prepare to go in for their first meeting with her. Her first act is to 
        fire Father Mike because of poor ratings, then Frasier has to go in after 
        him for his meeting. Kate tells him that his show is very good, as are 
        his ratings, but they could be better and asks for his ideas.He suggests 
        playing classical music before his show, which Kate finds too highbrow 
        even though she loves classical music herself. She suggests theme shows 
        instead in an attempt to spice up his show, and idea which Frasier rejects 
        out of hand leading Kate to say that she's the boss - and promptly moves 
        his show to the 2am slot!
Frasier's first show in this timeslot is a disaster: he falls asleep 
        during a call from a woman with insomnia and wakes up to tell she should 
        sleep on it, tells a longshoreman to come out of the closet and a nervous 
        gay guy to spend more time down by the docks! Roz, of course, can't stand 
        this new slot as these are the hours she should be on a a date, but Frasier 
        refuses to budge on his stance with Kate. He does, however, plan revenge 
        on the new station boss - he decides that if she wants him to spice up 
        his show he's going to spend the whole talking non-stop about sex! He 
        invites everyone to get naked and answers callers with the line "What 
        are you wearing?". This, of course, enrages Kate further and summons 
        Frasier to a meeting: he says he will walk if he doesn't get his old time 
        slot back while Kate counters with the threat of legal action for breach 
        of contract - can they find a solution to this apparent deadlock.....? 
        Meanwhile, Niles borrows a starter pistol to protect Maris and causes 
        no end of trouble - especially during the day when Frasier is trying to 
        get some sleep!

#S3E2

The episode opens with Frasier and Niles in therapy, and the two brothers 
        start to recount how they got there. Frasier experiences the limitations 
        of psychiatry over the air when he has to cut off an interesting caller 
        to make way for Bulldog's show, while Niles suffers the indignity of another 
        psychiatrist who indulges in screaming sessions to treat patients. So 
        when Niles suggests he and Frasier go into practice together with Frasier 
        replacing the screaming psychiatrist, Frasier is very excited. 
Martin is however very dismissive, recalling past Crane brother projects 
        such as trying to run a restaurant, and write a book together - both of 
        which were disasters. Niles and Frasier decide to go ahead anyway, but 
        arguments soon ensue between the two brothers: firstly about the position 
        of a plant, and then when Frasier sits in on one of Niles' group sessions, 
        he just has to give his own opinion. They are at each other's throats 
        when a couples' therapist comes in and offers to help the brothers overcome 
        their sibling rivalry. He decides that they are too competitive and should 
        stay away from each other. What will Frasier and Niles decide......?
#S3E3

Frasier's Great-Aunt Louise has died, and has put Frasier in charge of 
        her memorial, while Niles has to find a suitable place to dispose of her 
        ashes. Frasier also has to give a eulogy, but there's one big problem 
        - she is one of the most unpleasant people the Crane's ever knew, with 
        nary a nice thing to say to anyone. Niles is worried that any place he 
        picks to scatter her ashes won't be good enough for her, leading to Martin 
        to suggest he flush them down the toilet. Martin then mentions that her 
        big dream was to go somewhere hot, leading Daphne to drop a big hint about 
        Martin having a big dream not being fulfilled. Frasier and Niles drag 
        the truth out of their father - he always dreamed of writing a song for 
        Frank Sinatra, the lyrics to which he kept in a shoebox which Daphne hauls 
        out of his bedroom. Martin dismisses most of them, except one he's particularly 
        proud of - She's Such A Groovy Lady, which his sons offer to help him 
        turn into a proper song by writing the music to it. They are all pleased 
        with the result, and Martin mails off the song full of expectation.
Come the day of the funeral, Frasier still hasn't managed to write the 
        first line of his eulogy while Martin still hasn't heard back from Sinatra's 
        people. Niles, on the other hand, believes he has found the perfect spot 
        to scatter her ashes: Wilson's Meadows where she took Niles once and saw 
        him break his collar bone as he climbed a tree to retrieve a kite. Daphne 
        heads off to the funeral on her own while the Crane men head off to Wilson's 
        Meadows. While Niles struggles to open the casket, Martin reveals that 
        he heard back from Sinatra's people - they rejected his song. Frasier 
        finally manages to get Louise's casket open - spilling the contents over 
        Niles in the process. When they get to the funeral, Frasier finally gives 
        his eulogy by letting a gospel choir do the talking in a rendition of 
        'She's Such A Groovy Lady'.

#S3E4

Frasier becomes the target for a series of pranks by Bulldog: he calls 
        into Frasier's show as 'Mac', someone who finds it difficult to work with 
        an arrogant co-worker before revealing who the true identity of the co-worker 
        is! Frasier is incensed and tired of being the victim of Bulldog's pranks, 
        so goes to see the staion manager Kate Costas who promises to get Bulldog 
        to stop. However, she soon learns that Bulldog's fans love it when he 
        makes fun of Frasier, so for the sake of ratings she lets him continue. 
        This leads to Frasier being persuaded in his best falsetto voice to perform 
        'Three Little Maids' from The Mikado live over the air.
Once he learns that he is the victim of another of Bulldog's pranks, 
        he marches down to the station to confront Bulldog, only to be told that 
        Kate okayed it. Kate explains that Bulldog's listeners love his pranks 
        but says she wants Frasier to fight back in his own wittily, ironic way. 
        However, Frasier has his own ideas and decides to play a prank of his 
        own on Bulldog. He hears Bulldog on his show saying how much he hates 
        lizards so plants one inside the barrel of entries for a competition he 
        has been running, but things go drastically wrong when Kate enters the 
        studio and gets elected to pull out the winning entry. The lizard bites 
        Kate's finger and then runs out of the studio with the tip of her finger, 
        leaving Kate heading for the hospital and everyone else chasing the lizard. 
        Down at the hospital, Kate is swearing revenge on the culprit but Roz 
        tells Frasier that no-one even suspects him - even so, he reveals the 
        truth to her while she is high on drugs but it turns out she may have 
        been more lucid than Frasier thought......

#S3E5

Frasier is angling to become the maitre de chez of his wine club, so 
        is holding a special wine tasting session in his apartment to try and 
        win them over. Naturally, this means that Martin's barcalounger will have 
        to be moved, but as Niles and Frasier attempt to move it into Martin's 
        room, Niles drops his end which scratches a small dent in Frasier's wooden 
        floor. Frasier is aghast as the wine club members will pick up on any 
        little detail, even though Martin can't even see it, but Niles tells him 
        he will bring along his miracle working handyman Joe DeCarlo tomorrow 
        to fix it. When Joe arrives, Frasier is anxious that the work be done 
        by 5pm as that's when his guests arrive so is relieved when Joe tells 
        him he'll be done by midday. Daphne, on the other hand, develops an instant 
        attraction to Joe and him to her - something that concerns Niles so tells 
        Daphne that he known as 'love-him-and-leave-him' Joe with a string of 
        affairs behind him.
When Frasier returns home a few hours later he finds his apartment in 
        a state of disarray with holes in his walls and workmen everywhere - Joe 
        tells him that when he plugged in the sander, a fuse went and this has 
        lead to faulty wiring being discovered. However, he assures Frasier, he'll 
        be finished by 4pm - the news is not so good for Joe when he asks Daphne 
        out, who turns him down flat. Martin wants to know why, and guesses it's 
        something Niles has said as his nose his bleeding - something that only 
        happens when he breaches his ethics. Frasier takes issue with this with 
        his brother, and forces him to tell Daphne the truth, as well as persuading 
        Niles to get Joe to ask Daphne out again. Frasier, though, is more concerned 
        about his apartment especially as he arrives home at 4.30pm to find his 
        apartment still unfinished - thankfully his father is on hand to get everything 
        finished on time.

#S3E6

KACL's support staff are angry that new station manager, Kate Costas, 
        has refused to give them their annual 5% pay rise. Frasier manages to 
        get caught up in the debate and somehow ends up with the task of convincing 
        the on-air talent to strike if the support staff strike. This is achieved 
        by a nice bit of reverse psychology from Martin who says that Kate might 
        come after the more highly paid staff next. With everyone behind the staff, 
        and with Frasier newly elected spokesmen after Noel Shempsky was ousted, 
        he goes to face Kate.
The antagonistic air that has existed between them since they met soon 
        takes hold, but then lust takes over and Frasier and Kate find themselves 
        locked in a passionate embrace. After telling his family what happened, 
        Frasier decides he must go back to Kate's office and sort out the matter 
        at hand. Both are pretty sheepish about the incident, but Frasier does 
        manage to get a 4% pay rise out of Kate before lust takes over again and 
        they find themselves having sex on Kates's desk. What will become of them.....?

#S3E7

Dealing with the aftermath of 'Sleeping 
        With The Enemy', Frasier is beginning to think that things are moving 
        too quickly with Kate and he should tell her this. However, while filling 
        in for 'The Happy Chef' on KACL, Kate arrives in the studio just after 
        Frasier has sent Roz home early to tell him that she thinks they should 
        slow down. Frasier is relieved, but the ensuing conversation involves 
        them describing themselves as a 'bad boy' and a 'dirty girl'. This leads 
        to their passion engulfing them again and they are soon at it on the studio 
        desk where they manage to flick the 'on-air' button and their every word 
        is then broadcast Seattle.
The next morning, everyone is dying to know just who 'dirty girl' is, 
        but Kate has some bad news - Frasier is being suspended for a week after 
        the broadcast. She comes round to his apartment later to apologise, but 
        they both end up being trapped in a service lift with a bed, a music box 
        and some musk oil. Will their passion take over again....?

#S3E8

Maris has gone missing, and Niles is frantic. Everyone is at Niles' while 
        Martin uses his police contacts to see if he can find out anything. It 
        turns out she was in New York doing some shopping, but while everyone 
        is rejoicing, Frasier says this is another example of Maris' selfish nature 
        and that Niles should stand up to her. He duly does - and she throws him 
        out and says she wants a divorce. Niles goes round to collect his stuff 
        when Marta informs him that Maris says if he says it's all his fault, 
        he can stay. Niles is in two minds - Maris has been a part of his life 
        for so long after all, so what will he decide........?

#S3E9

It's Christmas Eve and Frasier is excited as his son Frederick is coming 
        to stay with him for the first time since his parent's divorce. Niles 
        also has some good news when he meets his brother for coffee in the cafe 
        - he believes he and Maris maybe reconciled soon, but when he tries to 
        pay for everyone's drinks by credit card he is informed that they have 
        been cancelled by Maris (not to mention mention his phone service too!) 
        as they are all in her name. Back at KACL, Frasier is giving his Christmas 
        broadcast which includes an inspiring Christmas story but Gil and Bulldog 
        try and distract him but wrapping him in tinsel and bringing in the Christmas 
        part stripper Candy Cane!Finally, Frasier arrives home - only to find 
        Martin has decked out his apartment from top to toe just as it was when 
        he was a child, so it's kitschy decorations abound, much to Frasier's 
        annoyance. However, he doesn't have long before Frederick arrives so he 
        starts to wrap his presents only to discover that there has been a mix 
        up and instead of the educational toys he ordered, he has instead received 
        a Franklin Crane's presents which included a Barbie doll and kitchen set! 
      
This forces Frasier and Niles to head down to a big toy shop in the mall 
        where they try to find the educational toys Frasier ordered. Their father 
        suggests they buy the Outlaw Laser Robo Geek, that year's most popular 
        toy but Frasier is insistent on buying educational toys. He spies a potential 
        saviour when he spies a man with toys from a shop called 'Young Minds' 
        but they closed half an hour ago, but the man then offers to sell Frasier 
        the toys - in return for $1000! Frasier gives him 300 in cash and 
        a personal cheque from Niles for the rest (knowing full well that Maris 
        has cancelled his account!). Finally, Frederick is ready for bed and tells 
        his father he asked Santa for the Outlaw Laser Robo Geek for Christmas, 
        which means that Frasier learns the hard way he shouldn't try to mould 
        people by giving them things he thinks they should like at Christmas. 
        However, his father maybe able to save the day......

#S3E10

Frasier can't stop thinking about the time he and Kate were together 
        - in fact he has been having fantasies about her, and wonders whether 
        he has real feelings for her, despite the fact she has given her no real 
        indication she feels the same. He resolves to tell her how he feels, but 
        just as he is about to, Kate informs him that she is leaving KACL and 
        is leaving that night to manage another station. Frasier has a date that 
        night, but leaves her with Martin, Niles and Daphne so he can tell Kate 
        how he really feels. He visits her apartment, tells her his feelings - 
        and then sees a man come out from her bedroom, causing Frasier to leave 
        rather abruptly.
He arrives back at home, but Kate has rushed to follow him and tells 
        her that she does feel the same as he does, but when she meets Frasier's 
        date for that night, she accuses him of being insincere and rushes off 
        to the airport. Frasier decides to follow her and meets her just as she 
        is about to board the plane, but her flight is then delayed giving Kate 
        and Frasier ample opportunity to explore their relationship beyond the 
        physical to see if it really would work, and come to the conclusion that 
        perhaps it won't......

#S3E11

Niles has two tickets in a VIP box at the races and wonders if Frasier 
        wants them. Happily accepting them, Frasier offers to take his father 
        but he has poker with his buddies so he decides to take a friend. However, 
        he soon realises that he has not made a new friend since he moved back 
        to Seattle and has fallen back on Niles far too often. Frasier decides 
        to resolve this by having the issue of making new friends the subject 
        of his show, and call supon his listeners to reach out to him and each 
        other. Roz warns him that he could be opening himself up to all kinds 
        of wackos - and is proved right as the rest of the show is full of them. 
        Frasier's belief in the kindness of strangers is sorely tested, but a 
        fax from a normal sounding guy called Bob Reynolds catches his eye and 
        decides to meet him and hopefully make a new friend.
The pair's meeting at Cafe Nervosa goes well at first, but then Bob starts 
        talking on his favourite subject - barbecue. Frasier becomes quickly tired 
        of Bob, but as he is about to reject his offer of having dinnner with 
        him, Frasier discovers Bob is in a wheelchair and can't say no. Over the 
        next two weeks, Frasier keeps meaning to tell Bob how he feels but doesn't 
        want him to think it was because of the chair. Meanwhile, Frasier is getting 
        paranoid as Bob seems to be hounding him with his ever squeaky wheelchair 
        and meets him at work, at home and is soon to be moving into Frasier's 
        building! Frasier realises he must act now and stop his life being made 
        a living hell....

#S3E12

Daphne awakes to a beautiful morning, but then to her horror, she discovers 
        Joe still in her bed next to her. Knowing that Frasier won't like it, 
        she tries to get him out as quickly as possible but is caught when Eddie 
        carries in Joe's underpants and drops them at Frasier's feet. He is very 
        uncomfortable with the idea that Daphne is having sex under his roof, 
        fearing that every noise coming from her room will make him picture them. 
        He resolves to talk to Daphne about it, but after laying down his house 
        rules on guests, she informs him that the best solution then would be 
        for her to move out and find her own apartment, returning to Frasier's 
        during the day. Frasier is at first resistant to the idea, but when Daphne 
        suggests he could turn her room back into a study, Frasier is suddenly 
        persuaded by the idea.
When Daphne and Joe go away that wekend, however, Frasier and Martin 
        have to fend for themselvs. They are soon at each other's throats with 
        Martin irritated becuase Frasier keeps moving his chair and leaving lights 
        on around the house, while Frasier is annoyed by Martin leaving papers 
        all over the place and not squeezing out the sponge by the sink. Daphne 
        returns, solving all their problems in one swoop, as she adjusts Martin's 
        chair, tidy's up the papers, turns off the lights and finally squeezes 
        out thr sponge. Both Martin and Frasier then realise that Daphne is really 
        the glue that keeps them together and so Frasier goes to talk to Daphne 
        again. She manages to get Frasier past his uncomfortableness by explaining 
        about Joe's 'war injury' which means they can't have sex. Apparently, 
        he was holidaying in the Falkland Islands when a spooked sheep kicked 
        him (!)......Meanwhile, Martin is in denial about being overweight, and 
        Niles is in danger of being struck of the A-list social circle after not 
        receiving his inviation to the Hoedown to the Homeless.

#S3E13

Niles is scanning the society page when he sees a picture of Maris with 
        another man. Although Niles is annoyed at first, Martin tries to convince 
        him that he should try and get out a bit as well. This he does in the 
        form of arranging to take Marjorie Nash, the Fruit-At-The-Bottom yoghurt 
        heiress to one of Niles' society events, the Snow Ball. He then realises 
        that he can't dance but Daphne then offers to teach Niles everything he 
        needs to know. Just as soon as Niles is getting into the swing of things, 
        Marjorie calls to say that she can't make it - something that he doesn't 
        want to tell Daphne. Having already seen the way Niles looks at Daphne, 
        Martin says that he might end up saying something you'll regret and tells 
        him to inform Daphne of the truth, which Niles does. Daphne then suggests 
        she go with Niles to the Ball instead, an invitation that Niles just can't 
        say no to.....

#S3E14

Diane Chambers, the woman who once left Frasier at the altar, is in Seattle 
        to oversee production of a play she has written. When she turns up at 
        the station, Frasier rushes over to see Niles who suggests trying to achieve 
        closure. Frasier, however, is determined to rub his success in her face 
        at the dinner she invited Diane to. When she arrives, it seems that she 
        is leading a charmed life, but then the truth comes out. She's lost her 
        job writing on Dr Quinn, Medicine Woman, her relationship, and her house. 
        Now she's reaching out to the same man who helped her pull herself together 
        many years ago, by asking Frasier to invest in her play after the main 
        backer pulled out. This starts stirring up repressed feelings - could 
        Frasier possibly be falling for her again?

#S3E15

Maris has come to Niles with a problem - she's wanted by the police for 
        a string of unpaid parking tickets and a number of other small offences. 
        He's overjoyed - Maris needs his help, so maybe this is the key to getting 
        back with her. Martin refuses to help Niles, but Roz knows someone through 
        one of her previous boyfriends: Jerome Belasco, someone who "fixes" 
        things for others. Niles and Frasier meet him, who does indeed fix Maris' 
        little problem. Refusing money for his help, he just requests they help 
        him out when he needs it. Unexpectedly, he turns up at Frasier's apartment 
        and asks for the favour to be returned by Frasier telling his fiancee, 
        Brandy, to marry him when she calls for advice. Brandy calls live on air 
        but Frasier, after listening to her describing their relationship, just 
        can't bring himself to say "marry him". Jerome is understandably 
        displeased when he bumps into Frasier again, who tells him his version 
        of their relationship - not quite the same as Brandy's version. Jerome 
        therefore asks Frasier and Niles to help Brandy find a job - one that 
        she cannot lose, and she becomes Niles' secretary.

#S3E16

It's February the 29th, and an unseasonally lovely day, so Frasier decides 
        that this "free day" should be used for everyone to take a leap 
        and do something that they wouldn't normally do. He manages to convince 
        Daphne she should have a new hair-do, and his father to visit an old police 
        buddy in Montana - especially as Martin points out that his birthday only 
        comes around once every four years. At the studio, Roz is lamenting that 
        she may have missed her chance with a man she met on the bus called Gary 
        after she got off to let people out, and then the bus drove off without 
        her giving him her number, but despite being initially reluctant, Frasier 
        finally manages to persuade her to appeal for Gary to call in. Frasier's 
        own leap is to sing an aria from Verde's Rigoletto instead of 
        his usual 'Buttons &amp; Bows' in his slot on the PBS Pledge 
        Drive. Meanwhile, Maris has called Niles wanting them to "get together" 
        which means sex in her book! Frasier sees this as no way to re-build a 
        marriage and so has to try and keep a sexually frustrated Niles from being 
        tempted by this offer.
Disaster, however, befits everyone as Roz's mystery man Gary turns up 
        at the station only to announce he is married, Martin's plane to Montana 
        suffers engine failure after a flock of geese fly into it causing the 
        plane to do an emergency landing, while Daphne's new hair-do turns out 
        to be a catastrophe. All of this causes Niles to forget Frasier's advice 
        and have sex with Maris. At the PBS Pledge Drive, however, Frasier backs 
        out of singing the aria after seeing everyone else's misfortune and switches 
        back to 'Buttons &amp; Bows' at the last minute. There is one 
        small problem, however - he seems to have forgotten the words......

#S3E17

Frasier is late for his radio show after someone parked in his space, 
        and had to park several blocks away. This is only the start of a number 
        of acts of impoliteness Frasier has to endure. The next is at the video 
        shop when someone takes out the video he wants, followed by the actions 
        Freddie Chainsaw, a mult-million selling rock music artist who has just 
        moved into the penthouse suite above Frasier's. Mr Chainsaw insists on 
        playing his music full blast, despite Frasier's protests, thereby further 
        annoying Frasier who retires to Cafe Nervosa to try and regain his sanity 
        with Niles. The impoliteness, however, seems to have descended upon Frasier's 
        haven as well. An unusually busy Cafe means Frasier and Niles struggle 
        to get a table but they see a couple are about to leave and so stand by 
        it and politely let them leave. As they do however, a man sneaks up behinds 
        them and sits down at their table. This is the final straw for Frasier, 
        who decides to give the rude patron "an etiquette lesson" by 
        grabbing hold of him and forcibly ejecting him from the Cafe.
This act of retribution makes the papers the following day, with everyone 
        hailing Frasier as a hero in the face of such impoliteness. In fact, it 
        inspired Daphne to carry out her own "etiquette lesson" against 
        the people who have been taking her laundry out of the machines and leaving 
        it unfolded and wet by putting her red knickers in their wash. This is 
        the only the beginning because all the caller's to Frasier's show seem 
        to have been inspired by his actions to carry out their own act of extreme 
        revenge in the face of impolite behaviour, such as setting fire to people's 
        lawns and sending live scorpions through the post. All of this makes Frasier 
        very uneasy, as he is not proud of what he did, and so decides to make 
        amends with the man he ejected from Cafe Nervosa, who meets Frasier at 
        the Cafe to inform him he's being sued for assault......

#S3E18

Frasier's antique scout has found for him an antique chess set, and can't 
        wait to play with it. Niles declines, explaining that it will remind him 
        too much of Maris as they used to play every Thursday night. However, 
        Frasier succeeds in convincing Martin to play, who makes his moves very 
        quickly unlike Frasier who makes carefully considered moves. Even so, 
        and despite knowing the pieces as "prawns" and "horseys", 
        it is Martin who wins their first game. Frasier is a bit stunned and works 
        out that Martin won by sheer luck. 
Frasier is convinced he should be the one who should win, but Martin 
        wins the next game, and the next - and the next. Driven to the point of 
        distraction by this, Frasier sets off the fire alarm on purpose, waking 
        up his father, and suggests that since they're up they may as well play 
        a game of chess. Martin sees right through this, working out that Frasier 
        set off the fire alarm, and refuses to play any more games with him because 
        Frasier is only trying to prove that he is better than his father. Frasier 
        then counters with a prize of $5000 if Martin beats him - who jumps out 
        of bed like a shot. This time, it's Frasier who is victorious after Martin 
        left himself vulnerable by mistake - but did Martin let him win?

#S3E19

Niles has been asked to testify, on Court TV, against an old millionaire 
        Harlow Safford. His son believes he is mentally unfit to run his own estate, 
        and wants it handed over to him, citing Harlow's recent decision to sell 
        some of his estate for far less than it's worth among a number of actions 
        he has taken recently to prove his point. Martin is upset that Niles could 
        take on such a case, but Frasier believes it's the fact that the case 
        will be shown on TV that swayed Niles' decision to take on the case as 
        he suspect Niles has always been jealous of Frasier's celebrity status 
        - something that Niles, of course, dismisses.
After one of his radio shows, Frasier is approached by Mr Giroux who 
        represents Harlow Safford, who wants Frasier to assess Mr Safford himself 
        and hopefully represent Harlow at the incapacity hearing. Frasier is initially 
        wary of taking on a case his brother is already on, but is persuaded into 
        it, and finds Harlow to be a charming, if at times eccentric person, and 
        sees no reason for him to be declared mentally unfit. Frasier is finally 
        persuded to take on the case after a bitter argument between him and Niles 
        when he tells him of being asked to represent Harlow. At the hearing, 
        Frasier speaks first but is interrupted by Harlow who thinks the courtroom 
        is a train station and goes round asking everyone for tickets - it seems 
        Niles was right, after all, evn if he didn't get a chance to read his 
        testimony out on TV.

#S3E20

Roz is late for her date, and forces Frasier to speedily drive her there, 
        but unfortunately he gets stopped by a female police officer. He tries 
        to use his celebrity status to get let off, which initially fails, but 
        when the officer sees from his licence it's his birthday, she lets him 
        off with a warning. Frasier ponders over their meeting and becomes convinced 
        that the officer seemed interested in him. Frasier manages to persuade 
        Martin to contact one of his buddies on the police force to find out some 
        more about her, which he does: her name's Maureen Cutler and she usually 
        frequents McGinty's, a cop hangout. Frasier decides to go down there, 
        hoping to bump into her, but Martin goes along too so he won't feel too 
        out of place.
Luckily for Frasier, Maureen is at McGinty's but when Frasier goes and 
        gets drinks for the three of them, Maureen and Martin get talking and 
        she discovers that he also was on the Seattle police force. In fact, they 
        get along so well that when Maureen gets beeped she gives Martin her number 
        in case he wants to see her again - all of which happens before Frasier 
        returns with the drinks. Martin is left in a quandry - should he go out 
        with a woman he finds attractive, knowing that Frasier is also interested? 
        So Martin decides to consult Niles for some advice.....

#S3E21

KACL has a new owner, an eighty-five year old Texas millionaire Wilford 
        S. Boone - who likes to be called "Big Willy". Frasier learns 
        that he owns 30 stations across the US, and could put Frasier's show into 
        national syndication so begins a charm offensive with Big Willy. The millionaire, 
        however, offers Frasier a chance to get into his good books early: he 
        is about to marry his younger mistress, but she has a filthy habit: she 
        smokes. Big Willy is going away for a long weekend, and says that if Frasier 
        can cure her of her habit, the marriage can go ahead. Frasier agrees to 
        try but doesn't realise how hard it is going to be until he meets Big 
        Willy's bride-to-be: his agent Bebe Glazer!
Frasier forces Bebe to spend the weekend at his apartment to make sure 
        she is not tempted, during which we learn that both Martin and Daphne 
        used to smoke. They both try to convince her that she can quit her habit, 
        but Bebe launches into a long speech on the pleasures of smoking which 
        begins to weaken Martin and Daphne's resolve. She then catches Daphne 
        having a quick ciggie on the balcony, and tries to blackmail her into 
        giving her one, but Frasier catches her (and then discovers Martin having 
        one in the powder room!) and manages to persuade her that she should give 
        up unless she wants to lose out on Big Willy's inheritance. Three weeks 
        later is the wedding, but there's a last minute hitch........

#S3E22

Roz is tired of being a bridesmaid, and Frasier encourages her to consider 
        a change in her dating patterns - perhaps she could develop a relationship 
        with someone of a bit more substance. She follows his advice, but Frasier 
        learns from Niles - confidentially - that Roz's new beau is a predatory 
        heartbreaker. While Frasier tries to steer Roz away from this guy, Daphne 
        says that perhaps Frasier is interested in her - Roz doesn't believe it, 
        but soon, everything Frasier says seems to confirm this. Eventually, Frasier 
        and Niles try to find a way of letting Roz know he is a heartbreaker but 
        not breaking the confidentiality of patient's clause. They rationalise 
        that if Roz were declared mentally incompetent, then it would be alright. 
        So Frasier heads over to Roz's to warn her...

#S3E23

Daphne is in a bad mood as Joe is spending their six month anniversary 
        in Las Vegas with his buddies, although Martin does know a few shows that 
        are well worth watching. Niles, on the other hand, is angry that a gallery 
        owner is chasing him for $4000 after he accidentally damaged a painting. 
        The pair's moods creates a friction between them which leads to an all-out 
        slanging match, which seems to turn Niles on who decides to instigate 
        a row at every available opportunity. Frasier though is having to endure 
        his show being put through a focus group, where 12 people listen to Frasier's 
        show and comment on what they think of it. Frasier and Roz are listening 
        to what the group say behind a two way mirror, but his fears about what 
        they might say appear to be unfounded as the whole group seems to love 
        the show - with the exception of one man - Manu - who says he just doesn't 
        like Frasier.
Instead of being able to be satisfied that the majority of the group 
        liked his show, he instead focuses on Manu's comment that he just didn't 
        like him. Hence, when he spots Manu at his news-vendor stand by the side 
        of the road, he decides to send Martin to ask him just what he meant by 
        his comment. He fails to get a answer that is good enough for Frasier, 
        forcing him to go over to speak to Manu himself. At first, Manu says he 
        didn't say those things but things go disastrously wrong when Frasier 
        has to take over Manu's stand, and soon learns why Manu just doesn't like 
        him.....

#S3E24

To mark the third anniversary of his radio program, Roz gives Frasier 
        a tape of his very first broadcast, while he gives Roz some earrings. 
        When he arrives home, Frasier finds Daphne on the phone to his mother 
        trying to get out of a visit home to Manchester because she wants to go 
        to Acapulco instead. She finds that trips home start with a wonderful 
        reunion but there's nothing more after that to look forward to, but would 
        feel guilty if she didn't see them. She decides to call the travel agent 
        to see which trip would be less expensive, while Frasier settles down 
        with Eddie to listen to the tape of his very first show....
We then flashback to the day of his first broadcast and see Frasier practicing 
        some vocal exercises, and then meets Roz Doyle for the first time - apparently, 
        Frasier has been dumped by his previous producer Dave and Roz has been 
        forced to take over. He wants to have no call screening, but his first 
        show is a disaster - during which he finds Roz angling to get transferred 
        to another show before telling Frasier she thinks psychiatry is a load 
        of bull. Later that day, Frasier and Roz are in Cafe Nervosa where she 
        is going through a long list of improvements that Frasier should make. 
        After she leaves, he sees his brother Niles who reluctantly joins him 
        despite not having seen him in 2 years. Niles asks if he has seen their 
        father yet, which Frasier hasn't, so he invites him along that afternoon. 
        Frasier remembers their father as a cranky old geezer, but Niles is insistent 
        he has changed. Once they get there, however, Frasier realises his brother 
        has tricked him so when Niles ups and leaves, he tries to have a conversation 
        with his father.....

#S4E1

Martin has received a letter from his old army pal, Bud Farrell, inviting 
        him to a reunion of all the old gang up at Rattlesnake Ridge. Martin needs 
        someone to drive him there but Daphne and Niles are busy that weekend. 
        Frasier, however, really doesn't want to do it but is persuaded into doing 
        it. Daphne also receives a call from Clive, who she reveals was her ex-fiancee! 
        They were apparently engaged for years, but Daphne couldn't see a future 
        in it and decided to break it off - but to let Clive down gently, Daphne 
        said that if they both felt the same after 5 years, they could try again. 
        And here, right on cue, is Clive. The night arrives when Clive is due 
        to arrive, with Daphne dressed as dowdy as possible to say to Clive "no 
        romantic signals", but Niles arrives with a thousand piece jigsaw, 
        closely followed by Clive himself. Frasier tries to drag Niles off to 
        dinner, but Daphne gets flustered when Clive declares his undying love 
        for her, so on the spur of the moment she introduces Clive to Dr Niles 
        Crane - her husband!!!
Niles is of course delighted by his sudden promotion, and plays the devoting 
        husband to the hilt. Niles and Daphne go off to the kitchen, where Daphne 
        apologises for putting Niles in such an awkward position. While they are 
        in the kitchen, Frasier meets Clive but is surprised when he finds out 
        what's been going on - especially when Niles says Frasier is staying at 
        his apartment temporarily because he's separated from his wife Maris! 
        Alone with Daphne in the kitchen, Frasier refuses to take part in the 
        charade, until Daphne offers to take Martin to Rattlesnake Ridge. Things, 
        though, get much more chaotic when Martin turns up and, upon finding out 
        about the little charade, refuses to play along after Frasier and Niles 
        insult his intelligence - so he tells Clive he used to be an astronaut. 
        Roz arrives and becomes 'Maris', developing an instant attraction to Clive, 
        but when Clive reveals he now runs his own chain of shops, Daphne changes 
        her mind meaning Roz and Daphne try to out-bitch each other for Clive's 
        attention.....

#S4E2

Roz fixes up Frasier with a friend of hers who is a golf pro, but Frasier 
        gets passed over when his date takes an interest in Bulldog. Bulldog isn't 
        going to let Frasier forget this, but then she dumps him, too. Bulldog 
        is so distraught that Frasier has to take over hosting the Sports Talks 
        show. Meanwhile, after ruining Martin's favourite shoes, Daphne searches 
        to replace the hard-to-find footwear. Also, Niles considers placing an 
        ad in a local publication after realizing he needs to see more patients 
        in order to make ends meet.
#S4E3

Frasier has a recurring erotic dream in which he wakes up in bed, hears 
        the shower running and is shocked when the person who emerges is the radio 
        station's food critic Gil Chesterton. Frasier is slightly appalled and 
        becomes obsessed with the meaning of this dream, and so turns to his brother 
        for help and advice. At first he believes it has some connection with 
        food, then some connection with his mother, before even considering that 
        his subconscious is tryuing to tell him something about his sexuality. 
        Discussing this very notion with his father leaves Martin very uncomfortable, 
        so Frasier is grateful when he eventually works out what the dream means.

#S4E4

Frasier and Niles are out shopping with their father when they spot a 
        famous - and famously elusive - writer,T.H. Houghton, as he's dropping 
        into a neighbourhood pub. They race over there with their father, but 
        he is too worn out to chase him any further and stays put while his sons 
        continue the chase. While in the pub, Martin makes friends with a guy 
        whoshares the same interests as he does - beer, football, etc - and they 
        get along famously. When Frasier and Niles return to pick up their father, 
        they are astounded to see their father sitting with T.H. Houghton. He 
        ups and leaves at that point, leaving Frasier and Niles to question their 
        father intensely about their conversation, but it seems they only talked 
        about sports. Frasier and Niles then miss him again when he drops by the 
        apartment while they are out.
They finally get their chance when Daphne mentions that T.H. Houghton 
        is dropping by to pick up Martin for a game, leaving Frasier and Niles 
        worried about what to finally say to a writer they have always admired 
        - unfortunately, they are dumbstruck and come out with "Wow" 
        and "Great". However, when he and Martin both leave, Niles notices 
        that the writer has left behind the briefcase he always carries with him. 
        They question whether to look inside, but when they do they find the manuscript 
        for the writer's new, second book. Incredibly excited, the Crane boys 
        settle down to read it and find it a truly magnificent book. However, 
        the writer and Martin arrive back and find them quickly stffing the manuscript 
        back into his briefcase. Although angry, he can't help asking the Crane 
        boys for their comments.....

#S4E5

Frasier has to attend a radio psychiatrists convention in Aspen, and 
        manages to convince Niles to fill in for him while he's away (thanks to 
        some him using up Niles' promised favour when Frasier went out with Maris' 
        sister Brie!). After his first show, he meets Bulldog who is about to 
        start his show, who tells him he has Reggie Maclemore as a guest on his 
        show. He used to be an upstoppable player for the Sonics, but recently 
        has lost his form completely. Reggie is introduced to Niles, who heard 
        his show on the way over, and asks Niles for some help with his game. 
        Niles is unsure, not really specialising in sports psychiatry but shows 
        Reggie some exercises to try. Bulldog calls him back as his show is about 
        to start, so Reggie just ruffles Niles hair as he leaves.
That night, Reggie returns to form and namechecks Niles in the after 
        game interview - much to Martin and Daphne's amazement. The following 
        day, everyone is treating Niles as a hero, and as a thank-you, Reggie 
        sends Niles courtside tickets for that night's game. At the game, however, 
        Reggie's form deserts him again, and so comes to talk to Niles about it. 
        He has done all the exercises he showed him, so it must have been him 
        reuffling Niles' hair that did it. So he ruffles his hair again and goes 
        out and wins the game for the Sonics. Niles is worried by this development 
        - he can't be seen to be acting as a lucky rabbit's foot to help Reggie 
        so goes to talk to him before his next game.....

#S4E6

When Daphne breaks up with her contractor boyfriend, Joe, after he feels 
        they've been on-again, off-again for too long, Niles thinks this may be 
        his opportunity to declare his feelings for her. But Frasier convinces 
        him that he is being too hasty about this, and urges to to wait one day 
        to let Daphne get over Joe - which he does. This then gives Roz ample 
        time to take Daphne to a singles bar where she meets Rodney, and seems 
        quite taken with him.
Niles is understandably upset that him hesitating led to Daphne finding 
        another man, so he asks Roz to take him to the same singles bar to meet 
        a new woman. This comes in the form of Adelle Childs, and Niles seems 
        very happy with her. Niles and Adelle drop by Frasier's apartment to pick 
        up some theatre tickets, when Daphne arrives back with Rodney. To everyone's 
        astonishment, Rodney appears to be Niles' doppelganger in almost every 
        way....

#S4E7

It's Thanksgiving and the Crane clan, Lilith and Frederick are meant 
        to be heading to the Rockie mountains to Niles' cabin to spend the holiday 
        there - that is until Lilith rings to say that Frederick is being considered 
        for entry into Mulberry Academy, one of the most exclusive schools in 
        Boston. All that is left is for Frasier and Lilith to meet with the headmaster 
        Dr Campbell. This alters their Thanksgiving plans entirely, as it gets 
        moved to Boston which means that Martin has to entertain Frederick (not 
        a good idea!) and Niles has to cook their Thanksgiving dinner. Lilith 
        and Frasier head off to meet with Dr Campbell and the interview goes well 
        but on their return home, Frasier ponders whether they should have emphasised 
        that Mulberry is their first choice in answer to a question about whether 
        other schools were chasing him. Lilith eventually agrees, and the pair 
        head back and under the pretext of looking for an earring, work what they 
        want to say into the conversation but as soon as Dr Campbell starts to 
        see through their ruse, things start to go wrong......

#S4E8

Martin, Frasier and Niles return from watching a Jean-Claude Van Damme 
        film and an argument from the cinema starts up again when Martin complains 
        that Frasier paid for the tickets when in fact they had an agreement that 
        if they went to see a movie that Martin picked he should pay. The two 
        of them decide that the next time they go out, Martin will pay. So when 
        Daphne says she is cooking sheep-head soup for dinner, the three of them 
        head off to Le Cigare Volone instead. The maitre'd, Francois, points out 
        the artwork displayed by one of his discoveries, Cordoba, which Frasier 
        and Niles complement to get a table but when Martin goes to the toilet, 
        Frasier and Niles tell each other they can't believe how dreadful the 
        paintings are. Niles then sees a potential guest for a party he is throwing 
        and goes to talk to her, while Martin returns and reminds Frasier that 
        he will be paying, which leaves Frasier distinctly uncomfortable and the 
        ensuing argument leads to Martin refusing to pay. The next day, however, 
        he tries to make it up to his son by buying something that he knows Frasier 
        will like - a painting by Cordoba!
Of course, Frasier can't tell his Dad how he really feels about it and 
        instead puts it above his fireplace, but tries to spend as little time 
        as possible at home so he doesn't have to look at it. He tries to find 
        the right moment to tell his father what he really thinks of the painting, 
        but perhaps sees the way forward when Niles tells his father he doesn't 
        like the gift Martin buys for him - a wine rack - who seems OK about it, 
        and decides to bite the bullet and tells his father that he only said 
        he liked the paintings to get a good table and doesn't like it at all. 
        This causes Martin to cry, which starts off Frasier and eventually Niles 
        (who is trying to get people to come to his party but they are all being 
        stolen by Maris who is having one at the same time).......

#S4E9

After Maureen tells Frasier she is going to break up with Martin, Niles 
        informs him that he is the winner of a prestigious psycholgy in literature 
        award and is worried about Martin's performance. After their date, Maureen 
        chickens out of telling Martin leaving Frasier to blunder in and tell 
        Martin thinking he already knows. However, Maureen comes back and finally 
        tells him. Martin then says that this is great because he can finally 
        ask out a waitress he has had his eye on called Sherry Dempsey. He decides 
        to introduce her to the family and his birthday, and she is a loud, bold, 
        brassy, banjo playing waitress - the complete opposite to their mother, 
        and the boys are horrified. Although they keep their disdain under wraps, 
        after Sherry takes Daphne's ticket to Niles' award banquet, he resolves 
        to say something. Once again, Frasier blunders in and says they find her 
        not the kind of person they prefer to spend time with, thinking Niles 
        has already done so. How will the situation be resolved....?

#S4E10

It's the night of the SeaBea's, and only Bulldog has won anything, so 
        Frasier, Martin, Niles, Roz and Bulldog retire to Frasier's apartment 
        to celebrate. Roz makes a call to her grandmother to tell her how she 
        did, but when she tells her that she won, everyone is a little surprised. 
        Roz then explains that she's old and it makes her happy - she smiled for 
        a week when Roz won the Miss Seattle Beauty Pageant (!). Frasier then 
        wonders whether telling lies is always wrong, and everyone chips in with 
        their own examples that seems to support this theory. Niles and Frasier's 
        example is when they were in prep school and set off the sprinkler systems 
        to get out of gym class, and blamed it on the school bully, John Rajeski. 
        Martin is shocked at this revelation as, after they had both sworn to 
        him they hadn't done it, Martin had to say as much in front of the headmaster 
        and as a result, John got thrown out of school. This effectively breaks 
        up the party, leaving Frasier in a quandry about their actions.
Niles and Frasier meet at Cafe Nervosa where Frasier tells his brother 
        that this incident has been playing on his conscience. Niles, however, 
        is unrepentant - he firmly believes what they did was right. Frasier then 
        decides to try and contact John, but Niles wants nothing to do with it 
        and wants Frasier to tell John he is living in Italy. On phoning his house, 
        Frasier learns he is in jail and decides to visit him to see whether getting 
        thrown out of prep school started him on the road to crime. At the jail, 
        as Frasier tries to help John pinpoint the event which led him to his 
        current position, John arrives at the conclusion that it was indeed getting 
        thrown out of prep school that started it. Frasier tries to tell him it 
        was he who set off the sprinklers, but chickens out at the last moment 
        after seeing what he did to someone who touched his comb. Frasier then 
        feels perhaps he can help John in another way - by using his skills as 
        a couples therapist, as John mentioned he was having problems with his 
        wife. He arrives and begins to talk through her problems, but she fails 
        to let him know one vital piece of information - John has just been released 
        from jail.....

#S4E11

While Martin and Sherry struggle to get a few moments alone, Frasier 
        and Niles arrive back from 'antiquing' and Frasier is especially proud 
        of his latest purchase - a Japansese door knocker. However, almost as 
        soon as he has put it on his front door, he receives a 'no-no note' from 
        Ms Langer, the head of the condo board, telling him it is in violation 
        of the building code and has 24 hours to remove it. Frasier feels she 
        is being a bit harsh, so he goes along to the condo board meeting that 
        evening to plead his case and hopes to convince Ms Langer to change her 
        mind. Despite a rousing speech, the board rejects his appeal leaving Frasier 
        feeling very angry towards Ms Langer, who seems to relish the power she 
        wields over the complex. 
The day after the meeting, Frasier is approached in the car park by a 
        shadowy figure who wants to remain anonymous (but whose identity is unfortunately 
        given away by his licence plates), informs Frasier of a group of residents 
        who can't stand Ms Langer either and want Frasier to run against her in 
        the elections for condo board president. Frasier is sorely tempted to 
        put an end to Ms Langer's reign of terror over the building but wonders 
        what his life will be like if he loses to Ms Langer. Frasier's mind though 
        is made up when first Daphne, then Martin get 'no-no notes' from Ms Langer. 
        Martin's was for taking Eddie in the main elevator instead of the freight 
        elevator. On the day of the election meeting, Frasier is struggling with 
        his opening sentence but another 'no-no note' for Martin gives Frasier 
        all the ammunition he needs. He believes it to be for taking Eddie in 
        the lift again, but in fact it was for being naked in the jacuzzi, leading 
        to some of Frasier's comments not quite having the effect he intended........

#S4E12

Frasier's KACL show is experiencing a pretty slow day with only a handful 
        of callers, so he decides to help a caller suffering from depression by 
        telling her about how Martin helped Eddie get over his depression. It 
        all began 3 days ago with Martin becoming very concerned about Eddie's 
        depressed state, prompting Daphne to suggest bringing in a dog psychiatrist 
        to help him - an idea greeted with derision by Frasier. Martin then wants 
        to get another dog as a companion for Eddie - something which is also 
        instantly dismissed by Frasier. However, despite getting new toys for 
        Eddie to play with, nothing Martin tries seems to have any effect on Eddie. 
        As a last resort, Martin decides to hire a dog psychiatrist to hopfully 
        cure Eddie of his depression.
Both Frasier and Niles greet his decision with derision, saying he is 
        the very definition of a charlatan, and after the psychiatrist arrives, 
        he is the butt of many of Frasier and Niles' jokes. First, he tries to 
        assess Eddie, then carries out a personality questionnaire for those around 
        him - asking them questions based on choices they think Eddie would make 
        if he was human. Neither Frasier or Niles see any point to any of this, 
        but when the psychiatrist concludes that Eddie is depressed because he 
        is picking up vibes from those around him, everyone has to assess their 
        own situation - leading to some pretty depressing conclusions.....

#S4E13

Frasier is having his flu jab live on his show, and despite his fear 
        of needles, is determined to go through with it. Martin and Daphne are 
        also there to get their's, but Martin is late for meeting Duke and so 
        they leave without getting their jab. Roz, meanwhile, has designs on the 
        doctor administering the injections. Later, on a particularly busy day 
        at Cafe Nervosa, Frasier and Niles struggle to get a table and so decide 
        to share a table with two attractive young women. Niles is a little apprehensive, 
        still worrying about his separation from Maris, but Frasier convinces 
        him that he needs to be spontaneous once in a while. The two women, Beth 
        and Laura, turn out to be kitchen designers - much to Frasier and Niles' 
        delight! The four of them seem to be getting on very well, with Beth taking 
        a particular fancy to Niles, and Laura seemingly interested in Frasier. 
        The two Crane boys, however, are unsure how to read their signals.
When Martin can't go to a mountain cabin with Sherry, he offers it to 
        Frasier and Niles, and in the spirit of spontaneity that had got them 
        this far, they decide to invite Laura and Beth to the cabin with them. 
        Once there, they are still worrying about misreading the signals the women 
        are giving them, but when Laura and Beth invite Frasier and Niles to bed, 
        they finally get the signal they have been hoping for. It is at this very 
        moment Niles starts feeling guilty about his separation from Maris, and 
        decides to phone her to clarify the exact nature of their separation......

#S4E14

Frasier is lamenting the fact that he is unable to find the right woman, 
        and so decides to take himself off the market - for the time being. Meanwhile, 
        Niles is moving into a prestigious apartment block, the Montana, but it 
        doesn't allow cats or dogs so he has to give his whippet a new home. However, 
        he won't be alone for long as he purchased a bird named Baby who can speak. 
        Eager to make the right impression so he decides to throw a welcoming 
        party and invites some of his neighbours. One of them, Stephanie, Frasier 
        meets when he goes to visit Niles and hopes something more will happen 
        come the night of the party.
However, before anyone arrives, Frasier turns on the fire and Baby is 
        so scared that she attaches herself to Niles' head just as the first guest 
        arrives. Frasier steps in to cover for him as Niles frantically tries 
        to remove the bird while hiding in the kitchen, but eventually Frasier 
        manages to persuade Niles that people won't laugh at him if he comes out 
        - which turns out to be true. However complications ensue when the bird 
        starts repeating phrases it has picked up concerning the guests, and they're 
        not particularly flattering....

#S4E15

Frasier and Niles are driving back from a squash game when Niles spies 
        Roz among a group of people picking up trash from the side of the road. 
        They stop and get her attention, but Roz is embarrassed and jumps in the 
        back of the car. She explains that she was caught speeding and after being 
        offered a fine or community service, Roz opted for community service. 
        She really hates picking up everyone else's rubbish, but the only other 
        choice was helping at an old people's home, so thanks to Roz's fear of 
        ageing, that's why she's picking up trash from the side of the road. Frasier, 
        though, manages to convince her that she has to tackle her fear of ageing 
        and so starts at the old people's home. Things get off to an auspicious 
        start, though, when the first 2 people she cares for - Mr Krantz and Mr 
        Gouldenstein - both die on her. This earns Roz the nickname of "The 
        Angel Of Death" around the home, leaving Roz close to quitting.
Frasier persuades her to stay on, and goes down to the home with her 
        for some moral support. Once there, she sees people run from her, but 
        enjoys a chat with the lively Moira, who enjoys cigarettes and recently 
        hacked in to the computer system at the home and changed the schedules 
        so that all her sponge baths are by the dishy male nurse Eduardo. Frasier, 
        meanwhile, strikes up a conversation with the blind patient Norman who 
        is a regular listener to his show and, thanks to Frasier's advice, now 
        has a cast of his late wife's face by his bedside so he can run his fingers 
        over it and remember her by. Things take a turn for the worse, though, 
        when Frasier manages to drop it and break off the nose.....
#S4E16

Frederick is due to visit his father and has requested only one thing 
        - to take a tour of Microsoft. This, however, Frasier has been unable 
        to arrange but then remembers that Roz once dated someone who worked at 
        Microsoft, and manages to convince her to give him a call to see what 
        he can do. Frederick arrives, but to give Roz more time, he keeps taking 
        him on other trips including one of KACL. As he shows Frederick around 
        his booth, Bulldog and Roz come in - Roz has damaged her ankle and can't 
        play in the stations softball team that weekend. She takes Frasier aside 
        and gives him some bad news - the guy she dated at Microsoft quit soon 
        after they broke up, leaving Frasier worrying about what to tell his son. 
        While all this is going on, Frederick gets talking with Bulldog and suggests 
        his father to replace Roz. Bulldog doesn't want to hurt Frederick's feelings 
        so tells him he's one hell of a player and would play Frasier if he could.
Frasier returns to tell Frederick the bad news, but Frederick now wants 
        his father to play in the station softball game on Saturday instead. Grudgingly, 
        Frasier accepts the challenge but confesses to Niles he is worried about 
        the moment when a son realises his father isn't perfect. To try and save 
        face, Martin tries to help Frasier with his softball skills but is hopeless. 
        Frasier admits to Martin the moment when he realised he wasn't perfect 
        was when he took Frasier and his friends to a restaurant and couldn't 
        work out the tip in his head. Frasier decides the only way to deal with 
        this situation is to talk to Frederick before the game...

#S4E17

When a position opens at the radio station for a new talk show host, 
        Roz decides to audition. Roz confesses to Frasier that it has always been 
        her dream to have her own show and asks for his help with the audition 
        tape. He also ropes in Daphne and Niles to help with tape as well - Frasier 
        plays a merchant seaman who has trouble finding dates, while Daphne and 
        Niles play a couple who seem to have lost the park in their sex life. 
        At the station, Frasier runs into his agent, Bebe Glazer, who has brought 
        along a van load of hopefuls who are going to audition for the slot. These 
        include Professor Pete - the human encyclopaedia, but Bebe confesses to 
        Frasier that they're all pathetic.
Roz comes out of her audition interview ecstatic, as she was told she's 
        the one to beat, leading Frasier to confess to Bebe that Roz is the best 
        producer he has ever had and he had would be sorry to see her leave him. 
        Reading Frasier's words as an indirect cue, Bebe tells the Station Manager, 
        Doug, that Frasier will quit if Roz is hired. When Roz doesn't get the 
        job she is crushed, and when Frasier hears what Bebe did, he is wracked 
        with feelings of anger and guilt. Frasier must figure out how to make 
        amends. Roz argues that the only thing Frasier can do is to fire Bebe 
        as his agent - leading to the inevitable showdown with Roz and Frasier 
        on one side, and Bebe Glazer on the other. Let the sparks fly ...... Meanwhile, 
        Niles must sell $5,000 dollars worth of charity ball tickets for a doll 
        museum, and Daphne gives Martin physical therapy to help him perform better 
        in bed.
#S4E18

It's KACL's 50th anniversary and to celebrate Frasier decides to recreate 
        the station's first mystery theatre broadcast - 'Nightmare Inn'. Frasier 
        gives everyone a part in the radio play, with himself as the lead, with 
        a number of the smaller roles being played by a professional actor, Mel 
        White. As rehearsals begin, however, Frasier's Orson Welles complex takes 
        over and he criticizes everyone's performance, managing in the process 
        to alienate his only professional actor, who promptly quits! Niles is 
        brought in at the last minute to play six different parts including a 
        maid and a dwarf. During the live broadcast all goes awry when Frasier 
        decides to try and improve Niles performance.

#S4E19

Frasier is throwing a benefit for the Seattle Theatre Ensemble at his 
        apartment, and asks Niles why he has not received his cheque yet - it 
        transpires that Niles is desperate to meet a woman and wants to know what 
        sort of women he is likely to meet a t the benefit. Frasier assures him 
        there will be plenty of available women, but Niles threatens to cancel 
        if Martin and Sherry will be there but Frasier tells him he has a plan 
        - he has bought them rinkside tickets to Nashville on Ice, which Martin 
        and Sherry are incredibly grateful for! At the benefit itself, Frasier 
        is having enormous luck with women and manages to set up dates with three 
        women on each day of the holiday weekend, while Niles is despondent after 
        he has no luck with any women and has to put up with the indignity of 
        everyone calling him 'Miles'. 
Frasier's first date is with Kimberly Egan, a Catholic, animal-loving 
        vegetarian which Frasier tries to charm by pretending he loves dogs and 
        is a vegetarian as well. The date is going well until Sherry and Martin 
        return home and offer Frasier some veal, before discovering that he has 
        locked Eddie in Martin's bedroom, which causes Kimberly to storm out of 
        Frasier's apartment, leaving Eddie to eat his meticulously prepared meal. 
        The next morning, Frasier and Daphne return from shopping to discover 
        Martin and Sherry arguing, which they then take into the bedroom. Daphne 
        says Sherry will easily get Martin to make up with her, but it seems she 
        is proved wrong when Sherry leaves indicating their relationship is over. 
        Frasier and Niles are overjoyed as they face a Sherry-free future, but 
        Daphne feels Martin is bottling up his true feelings.
The next day, Frasier's second date is with Adair Peck but is interrupted 
        when Sherry stops by to pick up her banjo. She mistakes Adair for Kimberly 
        and says it is nice to meet her again, which leads to Adair finding out 
        that Frasier dated Kimberly the night before - not something she can easily 
        accept as Kimberly broke up her first marriage! Once again, Eddie is left 
        to eat up Frasier meticulously prepared meal. The following day, Sherry 
        joins Frasier and Niles in Cafe Nervosa and wants to talk about her breakup 
        from Martin. She tells them that a few nights ago, Sherry told Martin 
        that she loved him and he hesitantly said it back to her. Niles doesn't 
        want Frasier to try and get them back together, but he tries to talk to 
        his father anyway. Sherry pops by just before Frasier's third date, during 
        which Frasier leaves his date, Leslie Wellman, on his sofa while he tries 
        to patch things up between Martin and Sherry. It seems that Martin is 
        feeling guilty about getting serious with another woman again after Hester, 
        which Frasier helps his father through so he can enjoy his date with Leslie. 
        However, will Sherry say something inappropriate and ruin Frasier's third 
        date.....?

#S4E20

Frasier has the flu and his mood is not helpd by the constant presence 
        of Sherry in the apartment, something that is also beginning to annoy 
        Daphne as well as Martin is now eating all the wrong foods and not doing 
        his exercises. Neither Frasier nor Daphne find it a laughing matter when 
        Sherry suggests the two of them should go out on a date together, but 
        it seems that Sherry hasn't finished meddling in Daphne's love life yet. 
        After Sherry complains that her lack of a sex life is making her irritable, 
        Daphne receives a phone call from Jack - a man Sherry has given Daphne's 
        number too, and gives him short shrift. Sherry hopes that Daphne won't 
        be as rude to Kenny when he calls as he has his own boat, but for Daphne, 
        that's the last straw, and she storms out....
Arriving at Niles' apartment seeking refuge, Niles is only too happy 
        to let her in. The two of them discuss Sherry's argument that she needs 
        a man in her life, something that Daphne is slowly coming round too. As 
        the night wears on, and the humidity only gets more intense, Niles can 
        see that Daphne is upset and offers to put her up for the night - the 
        only problem being the humidity is very intense and there's only one fan. 
        It is at that moment Daphne remembers she's left her thyroid pills behind, 
        and convinces Niles to drive her over to Frasier's to retrieve them hoping 
        not to bump into Sherry. She does however, and Niles, Daphne, Sherry and 
        Martin all end up in an argument leaving Frasier, as usual, to resolve 
        all their differences......

#S4E21

Leo Pascale is leaving KACL, but Frasier tells Roz he isn't going as 
        he hates not only the frozen Sara Lee cake that accompanies these occasions, 
        but also the modern pre-occupation with hugging everyone. Frasier then 
        goes to join Niles in Cafe Nervosa, who tells him he has been to see Maris 
        and told her in no uncertain terms that either they seek counselling or 
        consider they mariage over. Niles newly found sense of confidence is severely 
        dented when a messenger delivers Niles to package to the table - Maris 
        has filed for divorce! 
At Frasier's apartment, Martin returns from walking Eddie to find Daphne 
        having a clearout of Martin's old things - or junk as Daphne calls them 
        - which include his Hot'N'Foamy shaving set and the SteamMaster 2000 ("Live 
        life wrinkle free", the advertising slogan went). Frasier and Niles 
        are thrilled when they discover an old notebook of their mothers in the 
        box, but when they start to read some of their mother's comments about 
        Niles and Frasier, it hits a little too close to home: she describes Frasier 
        as fearing physical contact, while Niles is cowed and dominated by females. 
        Frasier tells his brother that he has broken that cycle, only to learn 
        that Niles has sent back the divorce papers with a note begging Maris 
        to take him back!
Niles finds his resolve again, and the two brothers decide to sneak into 
        Maris' house retrieve the divorce papers before she has had a chance to 
        open them. They successfully get in, thanks to Niles still having a key, 
        but Maris has bough two new dobermans to guard the house, which they manage 
        to escape from by lacing some meat with some of Maris' sleeping pills! 
        Back at Frasier's, Niles is having second thoughts about going through 
        with the divorce so Frasier reads him more of their mother's thoughts 
        from her notebook, whereupon they learn that all along their mother was 
        writing about her 2 lab rats, called Niles and Frasier! This sends Niles 
        into a state of panic as he has ended his marriage based upon his mother's 
        obsession with vermin, and has an unfortunate encounter with Martin's 
        Hot'N'Foamy, before calming down and signing his divorce papers once and 
        for all.

#S4E22

Frasier is thrown into a state of confusion when Niles asks him whether 
        or not he and Maris are meant for each other. Not knowing whether to answer 
        truthfully or to lie politely, Frasier launches his own crazed fact finding 
        mission to find out if Maris has changed for the better. After seeking 
        advice from Maris' housekeeper, Marta, Frasier becomes obsessed with deciphering 
        everyone's hidden motives, including his own. Frasier's strange behaviour 
        ruins his blind date, and forces him to walk the midnight streets, a la 
        Film Noir, in search of the answer. At midnight he arrives at Niles' doorstep 
        to deliever his decision. Meanwhile, Daphne gives Martin a gift for no 
        reason which causes Martin to anguish whether or not he needs to return 
        the favour.

#S4E23

It's Roz's birthday and he has booked a table for them at an Italian 
        restaurant, but she can't go as she has a date. She suggests doing something 
        spontaneous and go out and find a date, but Frasier tells her that spontaneity 
        isn't really his thing. He heads home to his apartment to find Niles attached 
        to Daphne - quite literally as his tie is caught in the zip of her dress! 
        Determined not to let his reservation go to waste, he invites Niles, Daphne 
        and Martin to dinner but all 3 of them have other plans. Frasier then 
        notices an answerphone message and discovers it's from a woman named Laura 
        who's at the airport and has accidentally dialled the wrong number. 
Frasier descides to head down to the Italian restuarant and dine alone, 
        but he is seemingly surrounded by people happy in relationships, making 
        Frasier feel even more lonely. Further humiliation happens when red wine 
        is spilled down his shirt and he ends up eating with a family he's never 
        met before. Back at his apartment, Frasier notices another answerphone 
        message - it's Laura again, who's expecting her friend Molly to pick her 
        up. Spurred on by Martin and Daphne, Frasier decides to take a chance 
        and meet Molly at the airport as it seems they may have a lot in common. 
        She is thankful that Frasier took the time to meet her at the airport, 
        and the pair have a drink together, where Laura breaks the news gently 
        to Frasier that she's already married. A little crestfallen, Frasier's 
        new found drive for spontaneity is taken to new heights when he decides 
        to board a plane to Acapulco just because he is attracted to one of the 
        female passengers........

#S4E24

#S5E1

Picking up from where last season's finale left off, we rejoin Frasier 
        after he spontaneously decided to board the plane to Acapulco with Joanna 
        - but she soon switches seats after learning she's the only reason he 
        got on the plane. Frasier is then excited to get talking with another 
        woman, but soon moves again once he meets her husband! While a reading 
        a magazine, he realises that the model in the magazine is actually the 
        the woman sitting next to him on the plane, who introduces herself as 
        Kelly Easterbrook. The pair become acquainted with Frasier even more attracted 
        to Kelly once she tells him she's a supermodel AND a zoologist. The pair 
        share a steamy time together in Mexico, but while Kelly wants to continue 
        seeing Frasier, she asks him to not tell anyone about them as she's currently 
        breaking up with a football player and doesn't want the media to find 
        out. 
Back in Seattle, Niles, Daphne and Martin were worried by Frasier's out-of-character 
        spur of the moment trip with Niles worrying that it could be a sign over 
        the desperate state of his love life - something that is given even greater 
        gravitas when Frasier tells them he is dating a supermodel, but can't 
        say who - although he eventually relents when no-one is prepeared to believe 
        him, all of which serves to make Niles, Martin and Daphne think he's gone 
        totally bonkers. This seems to be confirmed when Frasier tells them he 
        is meeting Kelly for dinner in a restaurant, but when they go to join 
        him, they find him eating alone having just missed Kelly who had to rush 
        off. They try to get Frasier to admit the truth but Frasier is just exasperated 
        that no-one believes him. So after they've slept together just before 
        Kelly has to rush off to the Galapagos Islands, Frasier tries to get a 
        picture of the two of them without waking Kelly up. Not a good idea....

#S5E2

It's Martin's 65th birthday, and instead of competing with each other 
        as they have always done over who can buy Dad the best present, Frasier 
        and Niles decide to set a limit over how much they can spend this year, 
        with Frasier deciding to get Martin a wallet and matching keycase while 
        Niles gets him a subscription to a brewery that will deliver a different 
        case of beer each month. However, when Niles reveals that his gift is 
        $100 over the limit, Frasier can't believe what he's hearing, so Niles 
        suggests he just put $100 in the wallet, and so the matter seems resolved. 
        Meanwhile, Sherry has big plans for Martin's birthday party (even if it's 
        Daphne who's doing all the work), and has found a picture of Martin back 
        in his police days of him aboard his beloved police horse Agides, which 
        Sherry intends to blow up to lifesize, with Martin recalling how much 
        he used to love the horse.
The rivalry, however, between Frasier and Niles over the gift they are 
        going to buy Martin escalates again when both Cranes return their gifts 
        for something bigger. Frasier thinks he has won after buying an enormous 
        TV complete with massive speakers that he hates, but knows Martin will 
        love, but when Niles sees it, Frasier wonders why his brother is not twisting 
        and writhing in jealousy. The answer is soon revealed - Niles has managed 
        to track down Martin's police horse Agides and set him up on a stable 
        for him to visit any time he likes! Frasier realises Niles has won, and 
        the pair take their father down to the stables to meet Agides. At first 
        he is overjoyed to see him, but Martin then becomes quite melancholy after 
        a while, which seems to continues throughout his party too. After the 
        party, Niles and Frasier discover their father down at the stables talking 
        to Agides about the sadness of ageing, which causes Niles to graciously 
        say that Agides came from himself and Fasier (as long as his brother gets 
        rid of the big screen TV from his apartment!)
#S5E3

It's Halloween and Niles is throwing a Halloween Ball where everyone 
        must dress as characters from literature (Niles is going as Cyrano de 
        Bergerac), and he has arrived at Frasier's apartment with Martin's costume, 
        Lord Peter Whimsy - only problem is Martin wanted to go as Sherlock Holmes 
        and refuses to go until he gets one! Niles promises he'll get one, and 
        then learns that Frasier and Daphne will be going as characters from 'Canterbury 
        Tales' - complete with olde worlde language too. Later, during Frasier's 
        show at KACL, Roz seems very distracted and can't seem to pull herself 
        together, leading to Frasier demanding an explanation for her behavious 
        - she tells him she might be pregnant! She's waiting for the results of 
        her test from the doctor but swears Frasier to secrecy until she finds 
        out for sure. To help keep her mind off of it, Frasier persuades her into 
        coming to Niles' party, which she does dressed as 'O' from 'The Story 
        of 'O'.
During the party, Roz keeps going to check her answerphone machine messages, 
        and during a conversation with Daphne, Roz says she's had a little accident, 
        which Daphne interprets as a minor car accident and mentions this to Frasier, 
        who mistakenly thinks Daphne now knows about the pregnancy leading to 
        Daphne finding out about the pregnancy too! The pair of them go into the 
        kitchen to talk about it, where Daphne's false eyelashes are giving her 
        grief, but when an increasingly drunk Niles overhears them talking about 
        pregnancy, he jumps to the conclusion that Daphne must be pregnant and 
        Frasier's the father! His surprise turns to indigantion when Frasier starts 
        flirting with an attractive female party guest, and Daphne can't stop 
        crying. Confiding in Martin (who learnt about Roz's pregnancy from Frasier), 
        Niles says he is going to do the honourable thing and marry the single 
        mother (obviously believing it to be Daphne). Finally, things come to 
        a head when Niles proposes to Daphne and challenges his brother to a duel 
        at which moment Frasier reveals to the whole party it's not Daphne who's 
        pregnant, it's Roz!

#S5E4

It's the day after Roz's pregnancy was publicly announced by Frasier 
        (see Episode 5.03 - Halloween), and just 
        before his KACL show, Frasier wants to make sure she's OK. She says she's 
        fine, and she has informed the baby's father too but he's an architect 
        currently working in Cairo. However, later that day at Frasier's apartment, 
        when Frasier picks up on the fact that Roz tells the rest of the Crane 
        household that the father's an archaeologist, he manages to get the truth 
        out of Roz - the father is neither of the things she said and hasn't been 
        told about the baby either, but promises Frasier she will tell him the 
        next day. Bumping into Roz at Cafe Nervosa the next day, Frasier realises 
        that the just-turned-twenty year old waiter Rick is the father, leaving 
        Frasier somewhat taken aback.
When Roz finally tells Rick he's a father, she assures him she doesn't 
        want any money or anything, but Rick finds it all a bit much and leaves 
        the cafe in a bit of a state. That evening, as Roz is waiting for Frasier 
        to take her out to dinner, Rick unexpectedly drops by and announces that 
        he's decided to drop out of college, before proposing to Roz! She lets 
        him down easily, telling him it wouldn't be practical and she intends 
        to raise the child herself, before giving him a sonogram of their baby. 
        Frasier arrives after Rick's left and the pair discuss whether Roz is 
        really ready for motherhood.

#S5E5

It's Frasier's 1000th radio broadcast on KACL - something that a lot 
        of people thought he's never reach - and he is dreading what sort of celebration 
        the station manager is planning for him to mark the occassion, as Frasier 
        feels that the work is it's own reward. It seems that Roz has already 
        told the station manager exactly that, so the station aren't planning 
        on doing anything! A little taken aback, Frasier starts to drop hints 
        that he wouldn't mind a low-key public rally, though he says it's more 
        to raise Roz's profile than his own (!). The station manager takes on 
        board Frasier's hints and organises a rally at the foot of the Space Needle 
        - an event that becomes far more important when the Mayor of Seattle decides 
        to award Frasier the key to the city and proclaim the day of the rally 
        'Frasier Crane Day'! Niles, briefly elated at being mentioned in a respected 
        psychiatric journal, is obviously insanely jealous but come the day itself 
        Frasier is somewhat nervous so manages to convince his brother to walk 
        with him to the rally at the Space Needle to calm his nerves.
However, the pair are beset by a series of disasters: firstly, Niles 
        spills coffee on Frasier's shoes which ruins them, forcing Frasier to 
        spend an age buying a new pair that it leaves them precious time to get 
        the rally, so they take a shortcut down a back alley - where they get 
        mugged leaving the pair without a phone or any money! Forced to take desperate 
        measures, Frasier distracts a blind busker while Niles steals a quarter 
        to phone Roz - but they are spotted by a gang of kids who chase them down 
        the street. The Crane brothers lose them after a while and end up even 
        further away than they were before but as luck would have it, they end 
        up by a monorail station which would take them straight to the Space Needle. 
        While initially promising, the train turns around mid-journey as it develops 
        a fault leaving Frasier even more exasperated than before. As Niles goes 
        off to phone Roz, a taxi pulls up and speeds Frasier to the final stages 
        of his rally, but Frasier seems more interested in solving his driver's 
        problems than his rally......

#S5E6

Rox manages to convince Frasier to be a 'celebrity guest' on a cruise 
        ship to Alaska, despite his initial hesitiation, so when Niles becomes 
        depressed that he and Maris have separated again and will not be spending 
        their anniversary together, Frasier has the idea that the whole Crane 
        family should go on the cruise together. Unbeknownst to Niles, both Martin 
        and Frasier also invite Maris to join them on the cruise in an attempt 
        to get them back toegther. On board the cruise, Frasier discovers that 
        his cabin is not the spacious room he imagined it would be, but is even 
        more incensed when he discovers who the other 'celbrities' are who are 
        also on board to entertain the guests - essentially a collection of unknowns 
        and has-beens, including the Latin singing sensation, Carlos "the 
        Barracuda". Also on the boat is the libidinous Mimi who makes a pass 
        at Niles, all of which is seen by a horrified Maris. Frasier, Martin and 
        Roz try to patch things up between the feuding couple by going to Maris' 
        cabin to talk to her, but when they discover see is not there, they sneak 
        into the cabin to admire its spaciousness. But when Maris suddenly arrives, 
        the intruders hide in the shower, and watch Maris prepare for a date with 
        "The Barracuda". Then Niles arrives and discovers his family 
        hiding in the shower... 
#S5E7

Frasier has to return a purse he bought for Roz, as she hated it, but 
        the shop assistant says he can't have a refund as it was a sales item. 
        Overhearing this, a lawyer by the name of Samantha Pierce steps in and 
        convinces the shop assistant to let him have a store credit for the purse. 
        Frasier then offers to take Samantha to dinner as his way of saying thanks 
        - she initially says no, but then changes her mind and the two agree on 
        a dinner date. Niles is a little aggrieved that Frasier is breaking their 
        mutual support pact for taking their father to one of "his"events 
        - in this case a boat show - to go on his date with Samantha, but Frasier 
        appeases his brother by offering Daphne his ticket. He is also seemed 
        to get the impression that perhaps she is slightly in awe of his celebrity, 
        something that is instantly dismissed when he sees Sam on Larry King Live 
        discussing the rumours of her relationships with among others Kevin Costner! 
      
Frasier and Sam are having difficulty making conversation during their 
        dinner date, but just at the point Frasier thinks Sam is going to say 
        that they shouldn't see each other any more, she suggest they go someplace 
        and just have sex! They go back to Frasier's apartment, where Sam meets 
        Niles, Daphne and Martin as she heads off just as they arrive back from 
        the boat show. They can see Frasier's obviously smitten with Sam but despite 
        this, Frasier feels that something about their relationship leaves him 
        slightly unsettled. Niles suggests it maybe because the sterotypical male 
        / female roles have been reversed (eg: Samantha initiates all sex, breaks 
        off dates at the last minute, buys him presents and flowers, and prioritises 
        her career above Frasier). Though initially dismissive of Niles' theory, 
        he believes its time to talk to Sam after hearing the other lawyers laugh 
        at his comments that "it'll all be different after the trial".....
#S5E8

Frasier gets dumped by Sam, without any explanation, and becomes obsessed 
        to find out why. He thought they were so happy during their recent ski 
        trip in Colorado where Frasier had the opportunity to hobnob with the 
        likes of Jodie Foster, Tom Brokaw and Salmon Rushdie. Frasier tracks Sam 
        down at the courthouse, asks for an explanation but gets none. Frasier 
        demands that his family tell him his character flaws so that he can figure 
        out why Sam dumped him. They oblige, pounding Frasier with criticisms 
        until his ego is crushed. In a heart to heart with Niles, Frasier realises 
        there is nothing wrong with him, but rather his indifferent feelings for 
        Sam: the truth is that he liked Sam only for her famous friends. After 
        Frasier deletes all of Sam's messages on her machine (including some pathetic 
        ones from Frasier begging for reconciliation), Frasier must go and find 
        Sam to tell her about the one important message from the office. At the 
        restaurant, Sam has changed her mind, offers reconcilliation, and tempts 
        Frasier with a trip to London to party with Alec Guinness, but Frasier 
        stands firm. Until Lesley Stahl arrives.....

#S5E9

Four stories are told from four perspectives as the Frasier clan prepares 
        for Christmas. As each member of the family gets a massage they recount 
        their frustrations: 

Martin's story: Daphne and Frasier have both noticed Eddie expects to go into the Church when he goes for his walk, but Martin just shrugs it off as weird. However, he later admits to Frasier that he has been cast in the Church musical along with Eddie, but doesn't want Daphne to know or else she'll insist on coming. So Frasier and Niles help him to rehearse (unsuccessfully) at hitting his high notes.

Daphne's story: Daphne and Frasier have both noticed Eddie expects to go into the Church when he goes for his walk, but Martin just shrugs it off as weird. She believes that Martin has been going to the church because, like an Uncle she once had, he has only a short time to live. Unfortunately everything Martin says seems to confirm this until Daphne finally learns the truth at which point they are play fighting when Niles comes in, his suit ripped and he collapses on the floor.

Niles's story: Niles is trapped in an elevator with a Christmas tree and a group of rather unhelpful people to be trapped with in an emergency. The lift company informs them that if someone releases the manual switch on top of the lift, the doors will open. Having been forced to climb the tree in his expensive Italian suit, he presses the switch and everyone leaves the lift. Niles, though, fears the worst as the lift moves off again with him still on the top and arrives at Frasier's completely calm as Daphne and Martin are fighting. Roz then arrives and throws Frasier's present to the floor in disgust.

Roz's story: Roz is becoming self conscious about her pregnancy pounds, made worse by the fact that her mother is about to visit. When Frasier talks to Roz's mother, he tells her that she is a bit conscious of her pregnancy pounds. Roz then tells Frasier she is dreading telling her mother she is pregnant, but finds out that Frasier has already told her when she and Frasier are playing Santa Claus and Mrs Claus at the mall, making her storm off in disgust. She arrives at Frasier's and throws her present at him, but Frasier calms her down and invites her in. Everyone is depressed, and then in comes Martin saying the Christmas pageant was a disaster leading everyone to argue with each other. Finally Frasier says he is going to give everyone his gift - to tell each person what they mean to him. Everyone else thinks this is rubbish, so Frasier says he'll arrange massages for everyone.

#S5E10

Frasier is feeling empty and bored with his regular routine and decides 
        to try new activities. After failing to enjoy a game of poker with Martin 
        and his buddies,. Daphne invites Frasier to her favourite British pub. 
        At first Frasier doesn't fit in with the other British ex-patriates, but 
        soon is playing pool, singing songs, and throwing back pints of beer with 
        all the other patrons. When Frasier starts going to the pub every night, 
        Daphne feels that Frasier is invading her turf, and Niles feels neglected. 
        Daphne confronts Frasier about it, and they agree to play a game of darts 
        to determine who gets to keep the pub. Daphne loses the game but Frasier 
        starts making fun of Brits, which the other patrons don't appreciate...Meanwhile 
        we see flashbacks to Frasier and Niles in elementary school where we learn 
        they haven't changed a bit.

#S5E11

Daphne finds an engagement ring in Martin's drawer suggesting that Martin 
        is soon to propose to Sherry. Frasier and Niles find it hard to accept 
        the idea of Sherry as their new Mom, and decide to find out more information 
        about her. Niles secretly hires a private detective who finds out that 
        Sherry has been married six times before. The brothers scheme ways of 
        telling this shocking news to Martin without revealing how they got it. 
        Martin is furious when he finds out about the detective and the six marriages 
        (which he knew about all along). Frasier tries to make it up to Martin 
        by showing full support for the marriage, and on the big night, when Martin 
        leaves the engagement ring at home, Frasier runs to catch up with his 
        father. However, Frasier arrives just after Martin has broken up with 
        Sherry.

#S5E12

The radio station is renegotiating everyone's contract and Frasier must 
        find an agent to represent him. Bebe Glazer already has Roz as a client 
        and is planning to turn Roz's pregnancy into a valuable commodity and 
        sign a lucrative deal for her with the radio statio. She also wants Frasier 
        to sign up with her again, however Frasier insists that he wants an agent 
        who has "principles" and he finds an agent in Ben who volunteers 
        for Meals On Wheels, boy scouts, and the Mercer Island Zoo. However Ben's 
        wimpy personality and poor knowledge of the business soon land Frasier 
        into trouble as Ben gets the zoo to name a new crane "Frasier Crane", 
        and organises a publicity event which goes awry in front of live TV cameras.
Further embarassing Frasier, the "Frasier Crane" incident becomes 
        a running joke in the media, so in an attempt to counter the bad publicity, 
        Ben organises another event that sees Frasier counselling the crane from 
        Mercer Island (properly tranquilised) on a small leather couch he has 
        made. However, disaster strikes again as the crane pecks Frasier's forehead 
        and chases him round the couch! Everyone lobbies Frasier to fire Ben and 
        return to Bebe. After Gil Chesterton gets shafted trying to represent 
        himself, and Ben shows up for the negotiations in a boy scout uniform, 
        Frasier reluctantly signs up again with Bebe. Meanwhile Niles is not getting 
        any sex with Maris, and finds himself flirting with every woman he sees.

#S5E13

Frasier reminds Roz it's ratings week, whicche she's forgotten about, 
        so tries to get the juciest calls for Frasier's show. Back at Frasier's 
        apartment, Martin chickened out of asking out Mrs Crowley again, who's 
        a little younger than he is, but she then calls Martin and invites him 
        to dinner. Niles then drops by with patient files as Frasier will be joining 
        his brother in his therapy session the next day. However, when everyone 
        else is out of earshot, Niles tells his brother that his and Maris' new 
        marriage counselor is just terrific, and having pinpointed his primary 
        failing of being too predictable, he is going to show Maris just how spontaneous 
        he can be by letting her find him in her bed for an afternoon of passion! 
      
Just one problem with his plan - it seems Maris has been having ana ffair 
        with their counselor, Dr Bernard Schenkman, who has the same idea and 
        they both end up in Maris' bed thinking the other is Maris! Patently angry 
        about his counselors betrayal and unprofessionalism, Dr Schenkman tries 
        to explain what has happened between he and Maris, before Niles has to 
        leave and join Frasier with their couples therapy group but some of his 
        patients comments about not being able to trust their partners leads to 
        Niles breaking down in front of them and Frasier trying to save face. 
        Niles explains what's happened to Frasier once he has cleared the group 
        from his office, and Niles rationalises that Maris falling fo Schenkman 
        could be a classic case of trasference and goes off to try and speak to 
        Maris and convince her she's making a mistake.
Niles comes by to Frasier's apartment and tells his brother that it's 
        over between he and Maris - he realised he had grovelled and pleaded with 
        her more times than he could remember and wasn't prepared to do it any 
        more. Martin arrives home at that point too and reveals that his evening 
        with Mrs Crowley was very nice until she introduced him to his date - 
        her mother! The three Crane men join together over a drink and lament 
        their love lives.
#S5E14

Roz wins a free trip to a ski lodge - including lessons from a skiing 
        instructor - but can't go because of her pregnancy, however she lets Frasier 
        have her prize in return for a big screen TV. So Frasier decides to take 
        the whole family to the ski lodge including Daphne and her friend Annie, 
        a swimsuit model. Once there, they meet Guy, a gay ski instructor, who 
        has an eye for Niles. After dinner, and much butter rum, a bedroom farce 
        ensues, where Frasier chases after Annie, who chases after Niles, who 
        pursues Daphne, who has fallen for Guy, who obviously thinks Niles is 
        gay. Meanwhile Martin's ears are clogged and he misinterprets everything.......

#S5E15

Lilith makes a surprise visit to Seattle, and visits a surprised Frasier 
        at KACL. She initially tells Frasier she is in Seattle for a conference, 
        but she soon breaks down and tells Frasier that her husband has left her 
        - for another man! Seeing how upset she is, Frasier invites her to join 
        him and Niles at the Union Club that night. Joining his brother later 
        in Cafe Nervosa, Frasier learns that Niles is suffering from bouts of 
        narcolepsy, brought on by the stress of his divorce. Frasier also admits 
        that he and Lilith have a destructive pattern that sees him fall for her 
        whenever she is in need and they end up sleeping together.
At Frasier's apartment, Niles offers to help Frasier as soon as feels 
        he is starting to weaken over Lilith - not helped by her wearing a rather 
        revealing dress. Cut to a hotel room the next morning where we see Lilith 
        in bed - with Niles! As the pair of them struggle to come to terms with 
        the fact they just slept together, they are interrupted by Room Service, 
        who has their breakfast. After he leaves, however, Frasier is knocking 
        on their door ready to give himself up to Lilith......
#S5E16

Nikos, Frasier's Greek cousin, comes to the station to invite the Cranes 
        to his wedding. This is the first that Frasier is hearing of his young 
        cousin's wedding leading Frasier to believe thaat Nikos' mother, Zora, 
        still hates him for years ago talking Nikos out of Medical School and 
        pursuing his passion for street juggling. Despite both Martin and Niles 
        thinking it's a bad idea, Frasier goes down to Zora's Greek restaurant 
        and persuades the angry, tough-talking Zora into a reconcilliation with 
        the condition that Frasier never again gives Nikos advice. Zora especially 
        wants Nikos to marry his bride, Mary Ann, since she is from an extremely 
        affluent family. 
At the wedding, Niles tries to escape the libidinous Yvonne while Martin 
        tries to connect with his brother Ed. When Frasier finds out that Nikos 
        doesn't truly love Mary Ann, he can't help but give more words of advice. 
        Then Frasier arranges for the sudden arrival of Nikos' true love, Crystal 
        the juggler, and Zora goes apoplectic.......

#S5E17

The radio station has taken on a new expert on health issues, Dr Clint 
        Webber, who also happens to be drop-dead gorgeous. All the women, including 
        Roz, swoon over him, and all the guys including Bulldog, Gil Chesterton 
        and Niles are jealous. Frasier, however, insists that he is above jealousy 
        and tries to downplay Clint's charms whenever he can. However, Frasier 
        begins to develop an element of jealousy when it appears that Clint is 
        his better in almost every regard - he's not only handsome but also has 
        Placido Domingo as his godfather, is an Oxford graduate, and is a speaker 
        of many languages.
So Frasier decides to throw a party in Clint's honour to prove to everyone 
        that he is not jealous of Clint. Dr Webber is the life of the party, even 
        creating his own cocktail, leading to Frasier being determined to find 
        a chink in Clint's armour. So when Frasier learns that Clint is tone deaf, 
        he decides to coax him into performing a song for everyone. Meanwhile 
        Martin gets into a tiff with the snide owner of a gourmet delicatessen 
        where Martin buy's Eddie's favourite dog food. When Martin refuses to 
        set foot in the shop again, Eddie becomes depressed over his missing food 
        forcing Martin to to find a sneaky way to continue buying Eddie's favourite 
        food.
#S5E18

Bulldog inadvertently becomes a hero when he saves the day by spilling 
        coffee on a gunman holding up the Caf, whereas in fact, he was trying 
        to pull Roz between himself and the gun. Frasier saw things exactly how 
        they were, which no-one else seems to have, and is thus infuriated when 
        Bulldog becomes the toast of the town, and won't admit to the truth. So 
        while Frasier schemes ways to make Bulldog feel guilty, Bulldog takes 
        full advantage of his new macho status with women. At the annual SeaBea 
        Awards, a black-tie event that Frasier is hosting, Bulldog is to receive 
        the highest honour for bringing honour to the radio medium. However, Frasier 
        has a few people from Buldog's past, including a priest and his mother, 
        that Frasier wants Bulldog to confront. Things don't go as planned....Niles 
        has also been nominated for a SeaBea in the Technical Awards, but no-one 
        except him is wearing a tux and everyone treats him like a waiter.

#S5E19

Frasier begins a steamy love affair with Caitlin, a free-spirited artist. 
        Whenever they are together they have wonderful sex, but hardly any conversation. 
        Niles tries to get Frasier to admit that this 'relationship' is based 
        solely on sex, but Frasier insists that he has a real future with Caitlin. 
        Martin, Roz and Daphne all share with Frasier their memories of relationships 
        that were steamy but superficial. Niles, of course, tries to make up a 
        story but gets caught. Also, Niles can't get enough of Daphne's story 
        about sunbathing in the nude. Frasier is convinced that he must break 
        up with Caitlin and goes to her loft to tell her. However, after howling 
        at the moon, carnal desires overwhelm....

#S5E20

Niles finally decides to ask Daphne out on a date. However, when the 
        moment arrives he chokes and gets cornered into pretending that he is 
        having a date with Phyllis, his downstairs neighbour. Daphne takes it 
        upon herself to make sure that Niles' date comes off perfectly and arrives 
        at his door to help him get ready. While Daphne is cooking dinner and 
        lighting candles, Niles is still not sure how to tell Daphne that there 
        is no Phyllis. Meanwhile undeniable chemistry develops between Niles and 
        Daphne, especially when they break into song while slicing vegetables. 
        Things get complicated when the real Phyllis shows up in order to return 
        Niles' misdelivered mail. Meanwhile Frasier is hooked to a mini-series 
        and is desperately trying to find the opportunity to watch a tape of the 
        climactic final episode before anybody tells him what happened. However, 
        Martin makes Frasier drive him to the funeral of Frasier's God-uncle.

#S5E21

Roz is having her apartment fumigated, so Frasier offers to put her up 
        as Martin is off to San Francisco for the weekend with Duke. She arrives 
        just as Martin is leaving, and tells Frasier that she has had her calls 
        forwarded to his number. One of the messages left is from the Garrets, 
        the parents of the father of Roz's baby, who want to get in touch and 
        see how she is. Roz is somewhat alarmed by this and wonders what they 
        want, but Frasier thinks it would be a good idea to meet them, and so 
        invites them over that weekend. Once they arrive, both Frasier and Roz 
        find it hard to ignore the fact that both Steve and Paula Garrett have 
        huge noses. Roz struggles to keep a straight face, as do Niles and Daphne. 
        Martin too gets a shock when he meets them for the first time after he 
        and Duke cut their San Francisco trip short after finding all their old 
        haunts gone and after attending what they think is a rally, think they 
        may now be married! Roz thanks Frasier for getting her to meet with Rick's 
        parents, and he points out that Rick didn't have a big nose - however, 
        the Garretts give Roz a picture of Rick before his nose job....! Also, 
        Frasier gives Daphne a pair of earrings from the drugstore which she mistakes 
        for real sapphires in honour of her 5 year anniverary of working for Frasier.

#S5E22

Frasier and Niles lament their barren love lives until Martin gives them 
        the idea to throw a singles party. The party at Niles' place is crowded 
        with potential women and, rather inevitably, Frasier and Niles fall for 
        the same woman - Vicky - and spend the rest of the evening battling each 
        other for her attentions, with both resorting to backstabbing if necessary. 
        Meanwhile, Martin has died his hair brown and believes that he looks much 
        younger, except for the fact that he manages to leave brown stains all 
        over Niles' antique furniture. However, when Roz's water breaks all over 
        Niles' carpet, the scene shifts to the hospital where the Cranes argue 
        over whose life is in a worse state, before Daphne arrives having been 
        stood up at a Bat Mitzvah, and then finally Roz's baby is born - Alice 
        May Doyle.

#S5E23

Frasier has trouble meeting a new date, Tricia, on-time. First his watch 
        stopped, then his car breaks down, and Tricia is not impressed. Frasier 
        begs for a third chance since he is convinced that their initial 10 minute 
        meeting at the opera was kismet. While preparing for this fateful third 
        chance, Frasier must contend with a surprise birthday party thrown for 
        him by Martin, as well as a dinner with the exclusive members of the Safari 
        club. When Frasier finally catches up with Tricia, she is not quite the 
        woman of his dreams. Meanwhile Niles is getting lucky with Allison, who 
        lives two floors below Frasier. At the dinner for the Safari club, which 
        Allison hosts, Niles learns that Allison is in fact married to a man whose 
        hobbies include hunting zebra, leaving Niles very worried when Allison 
        reveals to her husband that she has been seeing someone who's at the dinner......

#S5E24

Frasier takes part in a sit-down protest when the closing of a historic 
        bookstore is announced with Daphne. However, when the police arrive to 
        arrest the protesters, Frasier runs away leaving Daphne to be arrested. 
        Feeling guilty for caving on his principles, Frasier take a stand at the 
        station against reading advertisments for the station's newest sponsor, 
        the Happy Dreams Tea Company, the copy of which includes the claim that 
        drinking it will give you happy dreams all night long. Refusing to read 
        it, Kenny fires Frasier, but the new station manager shows up at Frasier's 
        apartment before the day is out to say he is going to tell the station 
        owner that at KACL the talent comes first, and Frasier gladly decides 
        to return to KACL.
However, the station owner Mr Martin, fires Kenny when he goes to talk 
        to him, so Frasier rallies all the station employees to visit the "black 
        tower" to face Mr Martin in order to get Kenny his job back. However 
        when they confront Mr Martin, Frasier manages to convince him to go with 
        what he believes is right - and Mr Martin decides to change KACL to an 
        all-Latino station, meaning everyone is fired, including Frasier!!!

#S6E1

In the first episode after Frasier lost his job at KACL, he is burying 
        his head a lot of other projects - an operetta about the Brownings, perfecting 
        his culinary skills, designing his own furniture. Niles tells Martin that 
        Frasier is treating losing his job like other people deal with a death 
        - by going through a series of stages. Initially in denial, he reaches 
        the stage of anger when at a picnic he is throwing for the KACL staff, 
        he learns just about everyone else has got a job, and destroys a pinata 
        and a mobile phone. Bargaining comes next, when Frasier reveals he has 
        prayed to God to ask for the way forward - the answer it seems is to be 
        nicer to his fans. So he is throwing a party for his Internet fan club 
        who are arranging a rally to demand he get his job back. Unfortunately, 
        there are only 3 of them and their rally is featured on the news as a 
        rally that no-one went to. Frasier then begins to get depressed, manifesting 
        itself in him putting on weight, but eventually Niles manages to push 
        him to the next stage by telling him he's not famous anymore. Finally, 
        Frasier reaches the stage of acceptance.

#S6E2

Frasier's reunion is that night but he believes he has a curse upon him 
        because every time it comes around, it coincides with a downturn in his 
        luck: the breakup of his marriage, for example, and right on cue he has 
        been fired. After a disasterous job interview Frasier attributes to the 
        curse, Frasier decides not to go to the reunion. However, while he is 
        taking back some dog food in a shopping cart dressed in a tatty, dirty 
        t-shirt and is chanced upon by another peron from his class - Percy Williams, 
        who believes him to be homeless. Despairing that the curse has worked 
        even though he wasn't going, he resolves now to go to the reunion with 
        Roz as his pretend girlfriend, but Niles convinces him that it would be 
        better not to go. Roz is understandably upset, but then Martin says his 
        agent just called with a job offer - his own show on KPOV. Frasier just 
        can't resist going now to gloat, but after Frasier has gone Martin reveals 
        that it was a lie to cheer Frasier up. Daphne then informs them that the 
        reunion co-ordinator and KPOV station manager is another of Frasier's 
        classmates. How will Frasier cope at the reunion.......?
#S6E3

Frasier and Martin are really getting under each other's skin, so when 
        Roz meets Martin in Cafe Nervosa, she suggests he should move in with 
        Niles for a while. Niles at first hides his real feelings under the excuse 
        of not being able to have dogs in the building, but when Martin subtly 
        mentions that he'll have to find his own place big enough for him, Eddie 
        and Daphne, Niles suddenly changes his mind - finally, living under the 
        same roof as Daphne. However, when they inform Daphne of this, she says 
        that Martin's hip has healed enough in the 5 years she has been helping 
        him, and that perhaps she should look for another job. Martin, Eddie and 
        Daphne (for the time being) move into Niles' place but things take a dramatic 
        turn when Martin falls down the stairs after it appears that Niles just 
        kicked his cane out in front of him. This starts Frasier thinking - is 
        Niles so desperate for Daphne to stay, that his subconscious is making 
        him do things that end up hurting his father without Niles realising it?.
After a series of events that could have hurt Martin, Daphne gets a job 
        somewhere else, making Niles all the more desperate. Martin ups and leaves, 
        rushing over to Frasier's, about to start a date with a lingerie model. 
        He is followed by Daphne and then Niles who learns what Frasier had thought. 
        He, of course, dismisses it. Just then, Martin has another accident outside 
        Frasier's door and so has to stay once again at Frasier's. Luckily for 
        Niles, Daphne cancels her job to look after Martin again.

#S6E4

Frasier and Niles have tickets to the hottest theatrical event in town: 
        'Tales of The Mariner', with the last ever performances of world renowned 
        actor Sir Trevor Ainsley. However, they turn up to the wrong performance, 
        so Frasier tries and fails to get tickets through some friends he knows. 
        Eventually they decide to stand in the cancellation line but are met by 
        Susan and Steve Kendall. Not wanting to lower their social standing, they 
        pretend they have tickets and are standing outside because Niles wanted 
        a last cigarette. Steve says to join him at the interval for one. So they 
        come back at the interval and are invited to a party the Kendalls are 
        throwing which Sir Trevor is also attending. Once at the party, sir Trevor 
        wants the Crane's to give a psychological interpretation of the play and 
        Frasier struggles valiantly on after Niles rushes off somewhere. Sir Trevor 
        says that a lot of the people seeing the play see it because it is fashionable 
        which makes Frasier feel guilty, and when he and Niles are invited to 
        one of the Kendall's exclusive brunches they almost turn it down, but 
        they just can't refuse.

#S6E5

Martin sets up a blind date for Frasier with his buddy Duke's daughter, 
        Marie. They get on like a house on fire, but this sets Frasier wondering 
        what exactly makes Marie attracted to him. Niles suggests that perhaps 
        it is his psychiatric ability after Frasier says he is helping her sort 
        through the problems she has with her mother and trying to resolve a recurring 
        dream. Frasier dismisses this out of hand, but while they are getting 
        intimate AND talking about the dream, Frasier says he doesn't want to 
        talk about it now, and Marie abruptly stops and says she has to go home 
        - until Frasier brings up the dream again, and she stays. Frasier promptly 
        breaks up with her, but then admits perhaps he was wrong and they get 
        back together. However, after Frasier admits they are talking about the 
        dream again, Niles rationalises that Frasier is staying with Marie to 
        flex his analytical muscles, which Frasier realises is ultimately true, 
        so he finally breaks it off with Marie.
#S6E6

Frasier is on a date with an ex-KACL employee, Nancy, at Cafe Nervosa 
        when Niles arrives with a financial settlement for his divorce - he and 
        Maris only have to sign it, and he is free of her forever. Frasier, meanwhile, 
        invites Nancy to dinner on Friday night. However when Frasier and Niles 
        return from a squash game, Frasier finds a box containing Cartier cufflinks 
        in them and a note saying 'I was wrong to let you go. Hope you believe 
        in second chances', and it's unsigned. This gets Frasier thinking about 
        who his secret admirer is, but enrages Niles who says that he risking 
        the chance of a great relationship with Nancy to persue other women. Frasier 
        dismisses him, and starts going through his little black book and making 
        a few well placed phone calls to ex's.
In Cafe Nervosa a few days later, Frasier gets another present - a watch. 
        He also notes that one of his ex's is present in the cafe as the gift 
        is delivered. However as Frasier goes to talk to her, Niles discovers 
        another note: 'I hope you can forgive me, my darling Niles'. It seems 
        that Maris sent the gifts, hoping to win back Niles' affection after Shenkmen 
        dumped her. Niles is angry that Maris thinks she can just buy back his 
        affections and storms off to confront her, despite Frasier trying to stop 
        him. During Frasier's date with Nancy, the ex's that he phoned start calling 
        back, so Nancy storms off, and Frasier goes off to Niles', who receives 
        another present - a nickel - and a note 'Roses are red, your heart is 
        fickle. When I'm through with you, all you'll have left is this nickel'. 
        The nickel is surrounded by a shredded finacial settlement, causing Frasier 
        and Niles to start crying and Martin offers to go get them ice cream, 
        like he did when they were children.
#S6E7

Niles is in finacial straits due to his divorce so Frasier suggests moving 
        out of his luxurious apartment in the Montana, and till he finds another 
        one, he offers to put Niles up at his apartment. Of course, Niles brings 
        with him some of the more fastidious elemts of his life like de-humidifiers, 
        sounds of the rainforest and his deep breathing exercises that drive Frasier 
        to distraction and cause him to be late for an important job interview. 
        However after meeting with Roz, who says she saw Niles going into the 
        cinema the day before, it transpires Niles has spent the two weeks at 
        Frasier having a good time instead of apartment hunting.
Frasier says he will go with him to find something, and the last stop 
        on their trip is the Shangri-La apartments, complete with the bed that 
        folds in to the cupboard and a selection of clothes left by the previous 
        owner who committed suicide. Niles just hates it but Frasier says that 
        he has no choice. Back at home, Frasier feels guilty so he and Martin 
        go and see him - to discover Niles in a luau shirt and about to play table 
        tennis with his neighbour Jimbo. However when, Martin says this is his 
        kind of place, Niles erupts and phones Maris to plead her to take him 
        back, but realises he has moved on, and settles into his new life at the 
        Shangri-La.
#S6E8

Niles has to throw a dinner for his gourmet club to try and secure their 
        prestigious Golden Apron award, but has nowhere to hold it. Frasier offers 
        his apartment after he hears one of the guest is someone in charge of 
        a number of radio stations, but when Niles sees a crack in one of Frasier's 
        windows, he insists on finding somewhere else - they are very picky, apparently. 
        He suddenly remembers that Maris is in Antwerp at the moment, and has 
        a delightful beach house, perfect for viewing the meteor shower planned 
        for that night.
On arrival at the beach house, Niles and Frasier discover a dead seal 
        has been washed up outside so they try and dispose of it by taking it 
        out to sea, but the tide washes it back in. As the guests begin to arrive, 
        Niles and Frasier struggle to keep the guests unaware of the seal. However, 
        when a neighbour sees Niles stabbing the seal, covered in her peach peignoir 
        and perfume, she thinks foul play is at work and calls the police......

#S6E9

The ratings for the all-salsa KACL are out, and are so low, that the 
        old crew are expecting to be re-hired. However it seems that will not 
        be the case, prompting Roz to complain to Frasier about how expensive 
        living and coping with a new baby is. Frasier is happy to lend Roz $1500, 
        but when he sees her out shopping and going to spas and expensive lunches, 
        he wants to say something to Roz, but is warned off by both Martin and 
        Niles. However, just as Frasier is about to say something, Roz tells him 
        that the station manager has reconsidered - and everyone has got their 
        old jobs back at KACL!
Just before the start of their show, Roz says that she realised Frasier 
        was trying to say something to her, and out comes the bone Frasier had 
        to pick with Roz. She is insulted, so Frasier uses his opening speech 
        to apologise to Roz. Meanwhile, Niles and Martin have a day together at 
        the health spa with some unusual side effects for Martin.......

#S6E10

Roz and Frasier are out Christmas shopping 
        at a department store, and while Roz has disappeared to choose something, 
        Frasier asks an assistant to bring a jumper he has selected in a different 
        size - which he does just as Roz returns. Luckily for Frasier, another 
        shopper has seen what happened and claims the jumper is for her daughter. 
        Frasier is very grateful and eager to repay the lady who came to his rescue 
        - Helen Moskowitz. She suggests going on a date with her daughter, Faye, 
        to which Frasier agrees.
Meanwhile, Daphne is in charge of putting on a Christmas 
        show in Frasier's building and asks Niles to become Musical Director, 
        which of course he says yes to. Frasier and Faye's blind date goes well 
        and both Faye and her mother are due to drop by before leaving for their 
        Christmas reunion. However, after seeing his Christmas wreath, Faye informs 
        Frasier that her mother asked him to go out with her because she thought 
        Frasier was Jewish. This was because he was buying a Jewish candle holder 
        for Frederick, but Frasier agrees to try and pretend to be Jewish. What 
        follows is a farce where Frasier, Niles and Martin have to try and pretend 
        to be Jewish - a fact not helped by the fact the Christmas tree is about 
        to be delivered and Niles has to suddenly play the part of Jesus in the 
        Christmas show. How will it all be resolved.......?

#S6E11

Frasier and Roz are at Cafe Nervosa when Frasier spies a man's wallet 
        on the floor and goes to return it, when the man comes back looking for 
        his wallet, then accuses Frasier of stealing the $7 out of it. Following 
        this, Bulldog manages to convince Roz and Frasier to take over his late 
        slot that week so that he can visit his mother in hospital having surgery 
        (!). We also learn that Frederick is coming to stay for a few days, and 
        when Frasier went to pick him up, he also helped a lady get her rather 
        large dog into her car without so much as a thank you.
With Frasier's usual belief in the inherent goodness of strangers sorely 
        tested that day, he then spies a lady out in the rain, and despite the 
        warnings from his family, Frasier's good nature takes over again, and 
        offers the lady a lift. Only after does it become apparent that the lady 
        in question is a prostitute, and when the police pull over Frasier's car, 
        that the lady is a man! Having then been arrested, Niles comes down to 
        bail out Frasier, but then Martin has to do it after Niles' credit card 
        is refused. Frasier wants to put it all behind him - when he sees the 
        local paper with the story on the front page. Worrying over how to tell 
        Frederick, he tries to explain and then ...... we cut back to Frasier 
        wondering whether to offer the lady a lift, which he does again - Frasier's 
        belief in the goodness of people had not been shaken by the nightmare 
        he had.

#S6E12

Roz's mother is in town and driving her up the wall, so Frasier suggests 
        going on a date with Martin, to which Roz agrees. So Joanna and Roz 'bump 
        into' Niles, Frasier and Martin at McGinty's and join them for dinner, 
        after which Martin takes Joanna to the jazz club she was meant to be going 
        to with Roz, who has 'forgotten' about some work she had to do with Frasier. 
        Arriving back at the apartment some time later, the two seem to have hit 
        it off. However, once Joanna has left, Martin says it was the dullest 
        night of his life - she just drones on and on, but then Roz tells Frasier 
        her mother had the best time and can't wait to see him again.
Frasier tries to fob Roz off with events that Martin is doing, like his 
        poker night, before she leaves on Sunday. However, Roz somehow manages 
        to get Frasier to agree to her mother coming round on Sunday when the 
        SuperBowl is on, but Frasier decides to leave telling his father till 
        the last minute in case he doesn't turn up. Sunday arrives, and just as 
        there's a knock at the door, Frasier finally reveals Joanna is coming 
        round. However, Martin has invited Bonnie from McGinty's as the first 
        step towards a date. Frasier manages to keep Martin's dislike for Joanna 
        under wraps until he and Bonnie go to see baby Alice in the bedroom and 
        the truth comes out over the baby monitor. How will it all be resolved.......?

#S6E13

Woody Boyd, the dim witted but kind-hearted bartender from 'Cheers', 
        phones up Frasier's show and when he realises who it is, Frasier invites 
        him over to his apartment for dinner. The two of them spend the evening 
        having a great time reminiscing about their time together in Boston, together 
        with Niles, Martin and Daphne. Indeed, they have so much fun, they arrange 
        to have lunch the following day. However, while Woody seems to enjoy it, 
        Frasier admits to Martin that he has nothing in common with Woody, and 
        is forced to keep on laughing at variations of the same stories. Martin 
        tells him that it's time to say goodbye, but Frasier can't quite bring 
        himself to say it, and is forced into going with Woody to a karaoke bar.
Frasier is feeling desperate and tries to rope Niles, then Roz into coming 
        but both escape leaving just Gil Chesterton and Noel Shempsky to accompany 
        Frasier and Woody. Needless to say, Frasier finds the experience torturous 
        and resolves to tell Woody the next time he sees him - which is fortunate 
        because he turns up at that particular moment. However, Woody informs 
        Frasier he is going back to Boston as his daughter has an ear infection 
        and Frasier is overjoyed - not in his presence, obviously. Frasier celebrates 
        his freedom by taking Niles to a restaurant where they chance upon Woody, 
        who admits that while he enjoyed their first time together, the rest of 
        their meetings weren't quite as enjoyable. So they both resolve to have 
        one last drink together before going their separate ways.
#S6E14

3 separate stories revolving around the theme of love and set on Valentine's 
        Day itself:

Niles' story: In preparation for a date whom he has invited ovet to Frasier's apartment for dinner, he discovers a crease in his trousers and so out comes the ironing board. What follows is how such a deceptively simple problem coupled with Niles' prissy manner - and his aversion to the sight of blood - can lead to a wrecked apartment and Niles blacked out on the floor.

Frasier's story: Frasier is meeting with Cassandra Stone, the station's new marketing manager, but is unsure as to whether it is a romantic date or just a business meeting. Frasier consistently receives mixed signals but things seem to be turning Frasier's way when she invites him up to her hotel room - but are they?

Martin and Daphne's story: Both without dates on Valentine's Day, Martin and Daphne decide to have a meal together and discover what it's like to be dateless.

#S6E15

Niles is at his wits end - Maris' lawyers have moved to postpone their 
        divorce proceedings by several months, which Niles just cannot afford. 
        Prompted by Frasier, Roz suggests one of her ex-boyfriends Donny Douglas. 
        Niles is initially aghast at his laid back approach to his job by appearing 
        in sports clothes and changing in front of him, but hires him as soon 
        as he gets the proceedings set up for a few weeks time. However, after 
        Frasier is subpaeoned to appear in court, things take a dramatic turn 
        as Maris' lawyers are claiming that Niles was in love with another woman 
        while he was still married - that woman being Daphne. She is quite taken 
        aback, but Frasier's ethics rears it's ugly head as he doesn't want to 
        hurt his brother yet cannot bring himself to lie about Niles' affections 
        for Daphne.
Frasier battles with his ethics while Niles has resorted to an old childhood 
        anxiety relief method - sitting under the piano to calm himself down as 
        he prepares for the moment when Daphne finally finds out his true feelings 
        for her. Fortunately for all involved, Donny comes up with a terrific 
        bargaining chip - the real source of Maris's money. It is not, as Niles 
        has been led to believe, from timber but from urinal cakes! Obviously 
        desperate to keep it under wraps, Maris agrees to a generous settlement, 
        and Niles feels like a new man again - until he sees Donny and Daphne 
        together on a date and kissing in the cafe....
#S6E16

Donny has managed to get Maris's prized lakeside cottage out of her in 
        the settlement and hands the keys to Niles, who is still seething about 
        Daphne and Donny seeing each other. Frasier convinces him to forget about 
        Daphne for a while and suggests he, Niles and Martin go up to the cabin 
        on the weekend. Martin has a dentist's appointment on Saturday morning 
        so it's decided that Niles will go up on Friday with Frasier and Martin 
        joining on Saturday. Niles tries to get Daphne to join him but she has 
        other plans for that weeked. Later on, after Martin has informed Roz of 
        Niles's infatuation of Daphne, she and Niles have a heart-to-heart where 
        she reveals she wishes she had never let ex-boyfriend Donny go, leading 
        Niles to tell her that he is now dating Daphne. Feeling a little down, 
        Niles invites Roz to join him on Friday night to which she agrees.
Once at the cottage, Roz is surprised when Donny joins her and Niles 
        and at once she can see his plan - get Roz and Donny back together leaving 
        Daphne free for Niles. Things seem to be going well for Niles as Roz and 
        Donny are getting on like a house on fire, but then Frasier and Martin 
        show up early owing to the dentist being ill. On seeing Roz at the cabin, 
        Frasier and Martin immediately jump to the conclusion that they are there 
        together to which Niles plays along with to get them out of the house. 
        What follows is a revolving doors farce where Niles and Roz try to keep 
        Donny hidden from Frasier and Martin, which is complicated by Frasier 
        trying to keep a suddenly appeared Daphne out of view. How will it all 
        resolve itself.....?

#S6E17

Frasier and Niles decide to throw a dinner party, primarily to get to 
        know the Ashby's, a couple Frasier met at the symphony. Having finally 
        settled on a date - the 19th, and got Martin to change his poker game 
        from that night, they try to book a caterer. Unfortunately, their first 
        choice is unavailable on their chosen night but his arch rival is, so 
        they settle for him. Next comes the guest list - no easy task when Frasier 
        can't stand some of Niles's choices and vice versa. Frasier then suggests 
        they can blackball 3 of the others choices until they settle on the 10 
        they require. Eventually they do, but when they phone their guests of 
        honour, they discover that they are unavailable on the 19th, but are available 
        on the 11th. Changing the date of their party to the 11th, Martin then 
        informs them he has rescheduled his poker game - to the 11th. Frasier 
        then uses reverse psychology by suggesting they can have both parties 
        on the same night to which Martin rushes to change the date back to the 
        19th.
As they then begin to phone round their chosen guests, they are excited 
        by one of them bringing Joaquim who they presume is the conductor of the 
        Buenos Aires Philemonic as they have just been there. However, when one 
        of their guests rings back to leave a message on their answerphone, they 
        also leave the conversation that follows by accident where they infer 
        that the Crane brothers relationship is perhaps a bit unhealthy as they 
        seem to be inseperable. This in turn leads them to question their dependance 
        on each other but eventually resolve that they don't care what others 
        think because they enjoy each others company. The party ends in disaster 
        though as the Ashbys suddenly pull out, Joaquim turns out to be an Argentinian 
        foster child and they end up with a caterer with a criminal record. 
#S6E18

Niles can now afford to get back his prestigious apartment in the Montana 
        - unfortunately the tenant Frasier found to sublet to, Dr MacLowery, has 
        a secret passion for tap-dancing and this has constantly annoyed the other 
        tenants while Niles has been away on a tour of Africa (well, he couldn't 
        tell them he was at the Shangri-La!) - so much so in fact, that the tenants 
        board are having a meeting to decide whether or not to terminate his lease. 
      
Frasier then suggests having a party for all the board members at which 
        Niles can impress them with food and intelligent conversation, and hopefully 
        show them what an asset he is to the building. Things begin well enough 
        but when Niles's bird Baby suddenly dies, Daphne assumes it was the hors 
        d'oeuvres that killed him - which Frasier has just served to the guests. 
        However it turns out it was Daphne's loose earring. So while Daphne hurredly 
        makes some more appetisers, Frasier gets everyone involved in a game of 
        'Murderer' which takes a decidely morbid twist when the murderer, Mr Probst, 
        chooses that moment to die. Frasier then has to think on his feet so as 
        not to let the other guests know something has happenned. Will he succeed 
        and will Niles get his apartment back.......?

#S6E19

Frasier, Niles, Martin and Roz all attend a silent auction in aid of 
        the Kelly Ann Grunther Foundation where Niles and Frasier let their childish 
        competiveness take over again when they both vying to win a meal in a 
        restaurant with 3 Nobel Prize winners. Niles wins with a bid of $4000, 
        but the auctioneer then says that Frasier can join him if also pays $4000 
        - to which he reluctantly agrees. Later, when trying to work out what 
        causes their competitiveness, they remember the IQ tests they took when 
        they were children which their mother refused to tell them the results 
        of - just that they were 2 points apart. Frasier rationalises that the 
        best way to show they have put their competiveness behind them is to see 
        the results of the tests now. So out of a box of stuff from Niles and 
        Frasier's childhood, the results of the IQ tests come out - Frasier obtained 
        an excellent 129, but it seems their mother was being tactful as Niles 
        scored a genius like score of 156.
Aghast at being left behind at the meal the following day, Frasier spends 
        the night at the library brushing up on subjects so he won't feel behind 
        and joins Niles at the restaurant with a nervous twitch after a night 
        of coffee, where it becomes apparent that Niles also spent the night at 
        the library after following Frasier there. This has kicked off his parchment-mite 
        allergy but after overdosing on his medication, and Frasier and Niles 
        make a fool of themselves in front of their 3 guests. Back at Frasier's, 
        they both realise that their competitiveness will probably never go away 
        but it has done them some good by getting them where they are today.

#S6E20

KACL has decided to try a new call-in psychiatrist for a week as well 
        as having Frasier, and he has been asked to recommend someone. From conducting 
        interviews, he selects Dr Nora who comes across as very charming in the 
        interview and Frasier is so pleased that another psychiatrist looks up 
        to him. However, this joy is short-lived when it turns out that Dr Nora 
        is from the old-fashioned way of thinking, calling an unmarried woman 
        who sleeps with her boyfriend a whore, and a confused bisexual woman an 
        equal opportunities slut. Frasier is understandably appalled and tries 
        to talk to her, but she is having none of it.
At the end of one of Frasier's shows, just as Dr Nora is about to come 
        on, Frasier tells a caller who is having trouble with her mother to stay 
        on the line so he can give her some counselling numbers. However, Dr Nora 
        brings the caller back on the air and tells her that her mother will not 
        change and should cut her out of her life. This enrages Frasier and declares 
        war on her prompting Roz to dig up some dirt on her - apparently her doctorate 
        is in physical education and already has two failed marraiges and an affair 
        with a married man behind her. Frasier wonders if by using this stuff 
        against her on air, he is being reduced to her level so instead he resolves 
        to help her and show his method of therapy is best by arranging an on 
        air reconcilliation with her mother. This he does, and Frasier is about 
        to find out why Dr Nora has such a problem with mothers .....

#S6E21

Frasier asked out Cassandra Stone, the woman from Frasier's segment of 
         'Three Valentines' where he couldn't 
        work out whether it was a date or not, and she agreed. They are getting 
        along fabulously when Faye Moskowitz, Frasier's girlfriend in 'Merry 
        Christmas, Mrs Moskowitz' , walks back into his life 
        while he and Roz are having coffee in Cafe Nervosa. Roz lets Faye take 
        her seat so she and Frasier can get reacquainted, but Frasier is unsure 
        - can he really date two women at the same time? Well, he gives it a go, 
        leaving Daphne and Martin surprised when Faye joins them for breakfast 
        when they were expecting Cassandra - who then unexpectedly turns up. Luckily 
        Frasier is able to get both women out of the apartment without them seeing 
        each other. Frasier says that both women appeal to different parts of 
        his personalaity: Cassandra is fun, while Faye is cultured. Niles has 
        a solution: to flip a coin. Just as he is about to reveal the result, 
        he says "Admit it, you want me to say one name more than another." 
        Frasier admits this is true - it's Cassandra.
Frasier tries to break it off with Faye, but they end up in bed together 
        again because Frasier has realised it's Faye he really wants so he arranges 
        to meet with Cassandra to break it off, but when he hears Cassandra has 
        been seeing someone else, jealousy sets in. He says he wants the two of 
        them to be exclusive but his mind then starts nit-picking and he ends 
        breaking it off with Cassandra. He then goes to see Faye and says he wants 
        the two of them to be exclusive. Although he then starts to nit pick, 
        he realises he has made the right choice.
#S6E22

Roz is trying to choose a gift for Niles to thank him for getting Alice 
        on a presitigious pre-school list, but is unsure whatr to get. Meanwhile, 
        Martin tells Frasier he has been to see Hank, an old buddy who is now 
        the security guard at a jewellery store, and he saw Donny buying an engagement 
        ring on the security cameras. Unsure whether to tell Daphne, she overhears 
        them telling them not to say anything and wants to know what they are 
        talking about. They tell her the truth and Daphne is overjoyed. However, 
        Martin and Frasier now worry about how to tell Niles who arrives just 
        as they say don't tell Niles at the apartment. They panic and tell Niles 
        that Daphne's mother is dying, so when Daphne comes in and asks if he 
        has heard the news, Niles is a little shocked when Daphne says it's even 
        better than she thought it would be. However, Daphne does then go on to 
        say she can't wait to get married, and Niles seems devastated.
Daphne then turns up at Niles's psychiatrist offices and says that she 
        can't marry Donny because she has seen in a vision that she is meant to 
        be with someone else - all she could make out was that he was wearing 
        a red bow tie. Niles makes her see that if she feels this way, she should 
        break it off with Donny to which she agrees. On the night Donny is supposed 
        to propose, Frasier and Martin learn from Daphne that she is going to 
        break it off with Donny because of the vision, adding that Niles thought 
        it was a good idea. Frasier tries to make her see that her vision could 
        be a fear of committment when Niles turns up - wearing a red bow tie, 
        intent on making her see that she should be with him. Frasier is appalled 
        at Niles's actions and says that as her friend he should try and make 
        her see the fear of committment that the visions embody. This he does 
        but Daphne rejects it out of hand, so everyone is a little nervous when 
        Donny finally arrives and pops the big question. To the surprise of everyone, 
        Daphne says yes, explaining later to Niles that when Donny asked her to 
        marry him she realised it was fear and the best way to overcome them was 
        to leap right into it. Sometime later that evening after Niles had gone 
        home, Daphne has another vision where her mystery man now has a dragon 
        - which is exactly the gift that Roz has bought for Niles ....

#S6E23

Niles and Roz are feeling left out in the love stakes as everyone else 
        seems to be in a happy relationship: Frasier and Faye, Donny and Daphne 
        and now Martin is back with Bonnie (who he invited to watch the Superbowl 
        with him in an earlier episode). However, Frasier just can't stop saying 
        Cassandra when he means Faye, covering it up by saying Cassandra is his 
        aunt. After Frasier discovers that Roz has slept with Bulldog, he is understandably 
        appalled while Bulldog just can't get enough of it. Daphne has managed 
        to lose Donny's engagement ring but Frasier is more worried about Niles 
        as he won't return any of his calls, and after getting a call on Niles's 
        cellphone that the diamond earrings he ordered from Maris's favourite 
        jewellers are ready, he is convinced that he has got back with Maris and 
        is too ashamed to tell him. So he and Martin go over to Niles's apartment 
        and discover that he has been going out with Kit - a waitress from the 
        cafe. Kit is a free spirit and changes Niles's image and personality into 
        something resembling a hip, young 20 year old.
After Frasier finds Daphne's ring on the edge of the jacuzzi, the relationship 
        between Roz and Bulldog takes an unexpected turn when he suggests they 
        have dinner first, but after he tells Roz he has just been fired, she 
        doesn't have the heart to turn him down. Frasier meets Roz at the Cafe 
        Nervosa who tells him that she is about to break it off with Bulldog after 
        the awful date the night before, but when he arrives he says he has met 
        a woman at Unemployment and is off to Hawaii, and so Roz gets dumped. 
        Niles and Kit are also in the cafe, much to Frasier's annoyance, but he 
        admits to Frasier that this new lifestyle is killing him and is about 
        to break it off with her. When he does, Kit manages to turn it into a 
        big scene and storms out. Martin arrives looking forlorn because he had 
        to break things off with Bonnie after an embarrassing scen when Bonnie's 
        dog Lady humped Eddie in his park. Faye then arrives but while she is 
        in the bathroom, Cassandra bumps into Frasier and when she and Faye finally 
        meet, Frasier is out on his ear. 
In the final scene, Niles and Martin join Frasier in a wine bar lamenting 
        about their love lives. Frasier and Niles are convinced that therapy is 
        the answer but Martin says that it's just life. Finally the three of them 
        join in on a rendition of 'Goldfinger'.

#S6E24

#S7E1

Roz has set Frasier up with a blind date and both are awaiting in Cafe 
        Nervosa for her arrival, when Frasier spies a lady sitting at another 
        table with another man and finds her instantly attractive. Frasier sends 
        Roz to find out if she and her male companion are together but Roz ends 
        up asking a woman at the wrong table, so Frasier asks her himself - just 
        as women from other tables that Roz has been to asking whether they are 
        single AND his blind date arrives. Luckily, Frasier manages to wipe the 
        egg off his face and ask the mystery woman, Mia, out for coffee. 
Some weeks later, as Frasier and Niles are preparing to take Martin up 
        to their old family cabin as part of his birthday gift, Frasier is still 
        going out with Mia and drops by to pick him up. Niles is immediately struck 
        by the resemblance between Mia and their mother, Hester Crane, but Frasier 
        seems completely oblivious to the fact. Up at the cabin, to which Frasier 
        has invited Mia, Niles is fending off bugs with his suitcase of bug repellent 
        and Martin finally gets to meet Mia as well - who is also struck by the 
        similarity to Hester. Frasier, though, is still in the dark about it despite 
        Niles dropping hints in almost every sentence. However, it is not until 
        the three Crane men sit down to watch a video of their old home movies 
        that Frasier finally realises who Mia reminds him of. Despite being initially 
        distraught, will Frasier be able to continue seeing Mia after this revelation.....?

#S7E2

Daphne's mother is interfering in all her wedding plans because she is 
        paying for it, which is driving Daphne nuts. Frasier is trying to come 
        up with a suitable wedding gift and hits upon the idea of paying for the 
        wedding flowers to alleviate some of Daphne's anguish, and sharing the 
        cost with Martin. However, he has just eaten some of Martin's new rather 
        spicy jerky, which has the unfortunate side effect of making him hiccup, 
        so that when he tells Daphne the good news about his wedding gift, it 
        comes out as: "I am going to pay for your wedding (hiccup)". 
        Daphne can't believe her ears, and before Frasier has a chance to put 
        her straight, she is off telling everyone her news. Martin is understandably 
        annoyed, and both try to wriggle out of the situation, but Daphne is so 
        happy to be able to have the wedding she wants, Frasier just can't bring 
        himself to tell her the truth.
Meanwhile, Niles has joined 'Executive Match', which he believes is an 
        executive dating agency and is very happy with the lady the agency have 
        selected for him. Frasier has learned from Donny, however, that 'Executive 
        Match' is a high-class escort agency which makes Niles's new lady friend 
        a prostitute. Frasier tries to tell him but Niles just sweeps any negative 
        comment from Frasier under the carpet. Frasier himself is also getting 
        very worried by Daphne's choices for her wedding, and decides to give 
        Daphne 'The Gift Of Frasier', because he believes he has much better taste 
        than Daphne. So Frasier goes into overdrive - auditioning harpists, chefs 
        and priests, and arranging for doves to be released at the wedding, while 
        Niles learns the truth about his new girlfriend, and understandably wants 
        to get rid of her as quickly as possible. Daphne, by this time, is finding 
        Frasier's interference worse than her mother's and finally tells him she's 
        had enough - and wants her mother to pay for the wedding, much to Frasier's 
        relief. 
#S7E3

Frasier is awakened at 6.15AM by a call from Dr Bob Kauffman from the 
        National Psychotherapy Institute, New Jersey, saying that he has won radio 
        psychiatrist of the year and a statue of him is to be place in their 'Hall 
        Of Thinkers'. He is then passed over to Gustav Brumhult, the German in 
        charge of making the statue. He asks him to describe his posterior, but 
        as Frasier describes that information as a bit sensitive, Gustav takes 
        this to mean Frasier has a rather large behind. Unbeknownst to Frasier, 
        Dr Kauffman and Gustav are actually Carlos and the Chicken, KACL's new 
        morning crew, and he is the victim of one of their radio pranks. Both 
        Martin and Daphne have heard everything and can't control their enjoyment 
        of it. While meeting Roz at Cafe Nervosa, it transpires it was re-broadcast 
        at 8am and 9.15am, and almost everyone has heard the prank.
When Kenny, the station manager, and Carlos and the Chicken come into 
        the Cafe, Frasier takes the opportunity to introduce himself and say his 
        piece, but the two pranksters seem fans of his show and they hope he didn't 
        take it too personally. Frasier seems satisfied but soon after that, Niles 
        takes a phone call from 'the building supervisor' saying they have a problem 
        with the pipes with the apartment below his and wants to know what Frasier 
        is putting down his bathtub. Niles goes off to give the phone to Frasier, 
        currently in the bath. Daphne and Martin smell a rat, and turn on the 
        radio and - lo and behold - Frasier is once more a guest on the Carlos 
        and Chicken show. They manage to get him to sing and stomp around his 
        bathroom, at which point the prank is revealed together with launch of 
        the 'Frasier's humoungous ass competion' where they are offering $1000 
        for the best photo of Frasier's behind for their website. This is the 
        last straw for Frasier and decides to fight back with the only way he 
        knows how - a bittingly witty speech. Martin warns him against doing it, 
        but Frasier is having none of it, especially as they have broadcast a 
        tape seemingly of Frasier and Roz having sex which is spiced together 
        from parts of their show. As Frasier launches into his speech live on 
        air, calling them 'a juvenile prankster and his straight man', Carlos 
        and the Chicken launch into an argument over who is the funny one, resulting 
        in BOTH storming off, leaving Frasier to fill in the rest of the morning 
        'zoo'.

#S7E4

The station owner's daughter, Poppy Delafield, has come to KACL for work 
        experience and has been placed under Frasier's charge. She is, however, 
        a bit dim and sometimes doesn't know when to shut up. This has led to 
        an almost universal hatred of her at KACL, and the staff can't wait for 
        her to leave. Meanwhile, Niles informs Frasier that he has landed himself 
        a job as arts critic at 'The Monocle', a magazine found at the snootiest 
        hotels and apartments. Although at first he appears unresentful, Niles 
        constantly rubbing Frasier's nose in the fact he is rubbing some pretty 
        impressive shoulders these days sets off the jealousy streak in him. He 
        is determined to become an arts critic as well, and the departure of Chester 
        Ludgate from KACL gives him the perfect opportunity. 
He wants to use Chester's timeslot to host his own arts show about the 
        culture in Seattle, and pitches the idea to Kenny, the station manager 
        - who rejects the idea. Frasier, however, does not give up without a fight 
        and decides to get Poppy on his side and hopefully use her influence with 
        her mother to get the show off the ground. Poppy is quite taken with the 
        arts - she and Frasier listen to Beethoven and go to see a revival of 
        'A Streetcar Named Desire'. Frasier manages to get Poppy to convince her 
        mother that an arts show is right for KACL, but the name of the presenter 
        is left up in the air. When Niles learns of Frasier's new show he is livid, 
        accusing Frasier of not letting him have one thing he doesn't. When the 
        time comes for the first show to air, Frasier obviously believes he is 
        the host but Poppy comes in and thinks she is the host after their discussion. 
        She calls ever member of staff into the booth and tells them that it was 
        Frasier Crane who convinced her to stay at KACL - much to everyone's delight 
        (!). Frasier curls up in horror as Poppy broadcasts her first show, but 
        later at Cafe Nervosa, he learns from Niles he was fired after panning 
        a show featuring the magazine's owner's hairdresser in the lead. Both 
        Crane boys agree that their ventures into the world of arts criticism 
        has led them away from their true passion - psychiatry.

#S7E5

Roz is going out on her first date in a month, thanks to looking after 
        baby Alice constantly, so is in desperate need of a babysitter. Martin 
        arrives back from a funeral having bumped into Niles, but is complaining 
        how it was all done on the cheap. Frasier says that he should plan his 
        own funeral, but Martin doesn't want to - it being bad luck and all. The 
        pizza delivery boy then arrives - and to Frasier's surprise it is Bulldog. 
        Inviting him in, he and Niles discover he is filling in between jobs. 
        On meeting Roz and Alice again for the first time in ages, it is clear 
        Alice is very taken with him, so Frasier suggests to Roz she should hire 
        Bulldog as the babysitter - which she does.
Roz's date turns up as she is getting ready, and when he answers the 
        door, Bulldog grabs him and tells him he should go away and then call 
        to cancel the date - which he does, leaving Roz very depressed, so Bulldog 
        suggests he should stay to cheer her up. 'Mysteriously,' the next date 
        Roz goes out on also cancels at short notice, leaving Roz pondering whether 
        she has 'Loser' tattoed to her forehead. Frasier then spies that a guy 
        in the cafe, Ted, has been unable to keep his eyes off of her, so he offers 
        to get her a table at a fancy restaurant for the two of them. Ted agrees 
        to go out with her, to Roz's delight, but when Bulldog finds out he warns 
        him to bring her back after 45 minutes. He complies, but after leaving 
        he suddenly returns with Roz's purse and Roz sees Bulldog threatening 
        Ted, without him seeing. To get her revenge, she vamps it up to the full 
        and are soon in her bedroom, where she tells Bulldog to get a scented 
        candle from the balcony - and then locks him out, telling him she knows 
        why guys have been dumping her. Bulldog admits that he was doing it because 
        he was in love with Roz, but Roz lets him down gently. Meanwhile, Martin 
        has reconsidered and bought a graveyard plot for both himself and his 
        two sons in an ordinary cemetery - much to their delight (!)
#S7E6

Poppy is driving Frasier mad, but Niles believes that he doth protest 
        too much and his loathing of her is, in fact, a deep rooted attraction 
        for Poppy. Desperate to prove him wrong, Frasier invites Poppy to talk 
        with Niles, which prompts a whole other side of her to emerge - a quieter, 
        non-babbling version who admits she is quite attracted to Niles. Later, 
        Frasier arrives home to find a woman dressed in a towel talking on the 
        phone in his apartment - it seems she just moved in next door and got 
        locked out. This prompted Martin to invite her in and has spent the whole 
        time talking Frasier up. Despite being initially uneasy about the situation, 
        he does begin to develop an attraction for her, but has been mooning around 
        the house trying to pick up the courage to ask her out. Daphne mentions 
        this to Niles when they are travelling up to Frasier's in the lift, and 
        Niles says he knows who he has a crush on, and he has also developed a 
        crush on someone also.
Once inside, Niles challenges Frasier again with his theory on Poppy 
        but dismisses it out of hand, and tells Niles that he has developed an 
        attraction for someone else - Niles wants to know who, and Frasier says 
        it is his new next door neighbour Regan, who knocks on the door conveniently 
        at that second. A little too conveniently for Niles, who believes Regan 
        is just a cover for his love for Poppy. However, when Regan is introduced 
        to Niles it seems that they have met before, so Frasier leaves them to 
        get re-acquainted. It transpires that Regan was seeing Niles as a psychiatrist 
        but Daphne, sent to eavesdrop, only ovehears the part about them seeing 
        each other. Frasier takes this to mean that Niles is after Regan and will 
        do anything to stop him. Daphne also tells him that Niles has a crush 
        on someone, and when Frasier asks Niles who it is, he replies "Poppy". 
        Frasier can't believe this for a minute, and is even firmer in his belief 
        that Niles is after Regan. This results in a situation where both Crane's 
        believe one woman has captured their hearts and the other is out to try 
        and steal her from him - or to put it another way: Frasier fancies Regan, 
        but believes Niles is after her and is using Poppy as a cover, while Niles 
        fancies Poppy, but believes Frasier is after her and is using Regan as 
        a cover. Things, though, come to a head when Frasier takes Regan, and 
        Niles takes Poppy, to a charity ball....
#S7E7

Frasier is in the doghouse with Martin because he and Niles told him 
        they had a Therapist's Guild conference on the day of their cousin Dodie's 
        wedding - but Martin found out that it doesn't actually exist. He is, 
        however, looking forward to watching the Antiques Roadshow with Niles 
        because Martin is going night fishing with Niles. When they arrive at 
        Frasier's to watch it, they are dismayed to find Martin there. Frasier 
        informs Martin that they want to watch their programme, but Martin wants 
        to watch his gameshow - where people bring along their antiques and experts 
        tell them how much it's worth. So for once, the Crane clan watch the same 
        programme and enjoy it immensely. At the end of the programme, there is 
        an announcement that the next Roadshow will be in Seattle, so the three 
        resolve to go. Martin brings along an old family heirloom - a bear clock, 
        that neither Frasier or Niles think much of. Martin, however, is overjoyed 
        that they have chosen him to appear on the programme, but Niles and Frasier 
        are more worried about how appearing with such a hideous artifact will 
        affect their social standing so stay out of shot. They soon change their 
        minds when the expert reveals that the bear clocks were only given to 
        Russian royalty, and worth somewhere in the region of $25,000 dollars, 
        and so Frasier and Niles shuffle into the view of the camera. 
They are obviously most excited about the possible link to Russian royalty, 
        and so try and see if Martin knows anything about it, and learn that their 
        great-great grandmother was from Russia. This sets Niles and Frasier off 
        on a hunt to discover the Crane family past via the Internet and the library. 
        Martin wants to sell the clock, as someone has offered him $26,000 but 
        Frasier and Niles convince their Dad to let them handle it as they say 
        they could probably get 30,000 - and Martin agrees. Frasier also contacts 
        Dr Myshkin, a consulate at the Russian embassy and an expert in Russian 
        royalty, who informs Frasier he has some important information and so 
        invites him round. Niles and Frasier have already learned the bear clock 
        was last seen in Russia in 1859, exactly the same time that their ancestor 
        left Russia. When Dr Myshkin finally arrives, he tells them the clock 
        belonged to the daughter of Tsar Alexander II who had fallen in love with 
        an American, so arranged for her maid to take all her possesions to the 
        train station where she would elope with her beloved. When she got there, 
        however, the maid and all her belongings had disappeared. Niles and Frasier 
        are obviously over the moon at the thought of being descended from Russian 
        blood, but their excitement is soon dampened when Dr Myshkin informs them 
        that their ancestor was the maid and not the Tsar's daughter! Dr Myshkin 
        then tries to leave with the heirloom, thanking them for returning it 
        to it's rightful owners, but Frasier and Niles try to stop him leaving 
        with it - until he reveals another of their ancestors was a New York prostiutute. 
        Martin arrives as Dr Myshkin leaves, and he assumes the boys have sold 
        it for $30,000, and the Crane boys let him think it as Martin reveals 
        he just bought a Winnebago - much to Frasier and Niles' delight (!).
#S7E8

Niles is feeling cold in Frasier's climate controlled car, and turns 
        up the heat - leading Frasier to take his hands off the wheel as he tries 
        to take his coat off. This causes the inevitable crash with the car in 
        front, and luckily the airbags inflate. Unfortunately for Frasier, Niles' 
        fist was in front of the airbag which leaves Frasier with a bloody, broken 
        nose. The pair of them take a trip to the hospital where a casual question 
        from Niles about the plastic surgeons on call results in him learning 
        that Maris' plastic surgeon, Dr Mel Karnofsky, has an office there. He 
        is still sending bills for Maris' BoTox injections to him, a year after 
        their divorce, so he decides to pay Dr Karnofsky a visit to sort this 
        out once and for all. Frasier is left to fend for himself in the hospital 
        waiting room with a patient who just won't leave Frasier alone, and eventually 
        storms out without being seen - just as his name is being called out, 
        leaving the same patient to sneekily take his place by saying that he 
        is Frasier Crane. Niles' visit to Dr Karnofsky turns out to be an interesting 
        as he discovers that Mel is short for Melinda, and is quite captivated 
        by the doctor and tries to pluck up the courage to ask her out - but ends 
        up having a BoTox injection himself, which involves injecting toxins into 
        the forehead to remove wrinkles. Niles arrives at Frasier's after the 
        injection, but Frasier soon guesses he has had the injection after a mosquito 
        dies after being on his forehead and he is unable to wrinkle his forehead. 
        This leaves Frasier angry, but he is then taken by surprise as the TV 
        news programme announces Frasier Crane died today after going into hospital 
        for minor surgery!
It turns out that the patient who took Frasier's place had died after 
        his surgery, but before the news could be corrected, Frasier has his obituary 
        published in the paper, which concerns him a bit as he had wanted to achieve 
        so much, so he resolves to make major changes in his life to try and achieve 
        his goals. Martin, meanwhile, is making the most of his situation has 
        friends galore are buying him drinks and condolence baskets. Niles, meanwhile, 
        has failed again to ask Mel out and ends up having a tiny mole on the 
        back of his neck removed. Frasier's first jog ends in disaster as he sprains 
        his ankle and has to walk with a cane, forcing him to scale down his goals 
        - so out goes discovering the secret of the lost incas! Niles has finally 
        asked Mel on a date to the opera and stops by at Frasier's to pick up 
        the tickets. Frasier is unimpressed by her, but Martin points out that 
        Niles is happy, and says that instead of trying to do all these projects, 
        Frasier should do the things that will make himself happy. So he takes 
        a bottle of wine and goes to knock on his neighbour Regan's door ....

#S7E9

Lilith is bringing Frederick to Frasier's for his family's Thanksgiving 
        celebrations, while she is celebrating it in Canada with a friend in Vancouver. 
        They arrive late, however, after Lilith stops to help someone injured 
        in an accident, and when she phones her friend to tell her she'll be late, 
        he informs her he has come down with something. Frederick suggests his 
        mother stays at Frasier's for Thanksgiving, which Frasier dismisses as 
        a joke but upon more consideration, decides it would be good for Frederick 
        to have all his family around. The rest of Frasier's family are less enthusiastic 
        - Eddie doesn't want to stay in the same apartment as Lilith, Martin calls 
        her 'the witch' - and when Niles comes over, the first time they have 
        met since their little tryst, the conversation is stilted until Frasier 
        recommends they go back to their old relationship of sniping at each other 
        - which doesn't take very long. Lilith then informs Frasier she is writing 
        an article about divorced parents bringing up children, and Frederick 
        thinks that as it is based on him he should get something for it - notably 
        a mini-bike, which all the other kids have apparently. Both Lilith and 
        Frasier are adamant he can't have one until he is 15.
Daphne calls out that dinner is ready, and after Lilith goes to wash 
        her hands in the powder room, Frederick suggests to his father that he 
        and Lilith should write the article together and tells him that she misses 
        him, and is always saying how great he is. This gets Frasier pondering 
        the idea, and when Lilith returns, Frederick suggests to his mother she 
        and Frasier should write the article together. He says Frasier has been 
        missing her, and is always talking about how smart she is. This gets Lilith 
        pondering the idea too, so when Frasier suggests the idea at dinner, both 
        agree to the idea - in fact, Frasier suggests she stays the rest of the 
        holidays so they can get it finished - much to the chagrin of Martin! 
        As Lilith and Frasier start to work on the article, they are getting along 
        just like the old days, and Frederick is trying ever harder to bring the 
        two of them together by telling each of them how much the other says they 
        mean to them. This gets both Frasier and Lilith thinking the other is 
        coming on to them, so Frasier go to talk to Martin about it in the hallway, 
        and Lilith goes to talk to Niles in Frederick's bedroom. Frederick has 
        put on some romantic music, turned the lights down low and lit some candles, 
        so when Frasier and Lilith return each thinks the other has done it. This 
        sets off an argument between the pair, but both discover neither of them 
        have done it - and realise that Frederick has set them up - but why? Lilith 
        believes that if they tell him that they won't be getting back together, 
        the guilt they feel will force them into buying him something - a mini-bike. 
        Lilith decides to play him at his own game, and tells him that she and 
        Frasier are getting re-married. He seems overjoyed by this news, leaving 
        both of them puzzled. However, they then catch him on the phone to his 
        friend telling him how he just tapped into his parent's feeling of inadequacy, 
        and is definitely getting the minibike now! That is until his parents 
        make themselves known they are listening!

#S7E10

It's Frasier's birthday and he is awoken by Eddie talking in a voice 
        that sounds suspiciously like Martin's. Then Martin comes in and tells 
        him that his birthday breakfast is ready. His father has bought him a 
        newspaper from the day he was born, and also a small cupcake with a candle 
        on it. However, as Frasier leans in to blow out the candle, his back goes 
        out, which is all the more surprising as his regular doctor has told him 
        there was nothing wrong with his back. He valiantly struggles into work, 
        where he finds a bunch of flowers in his booth that other staff have bought 
        for him. Roz, on the other hand, has forgotten it's his birthday and tries 
        to cover it up by giving him a book she happens to have in her bag - which 
        is fine until Frasier reads the inscription: 'You will always be my baby. 
        Love Mom'. Niles then arrives with help for his back - the Lumbar Log, 
        and says that his problem could be stress related, prompting Roz to suggest 
        he try an exercise for that by speaking out loud all the problems that 
        have been bothering him. Niles - unbelieveably - supports her, but Frasier 
        dismisses it and gets ready to start his show. However just as he is about 
        to go on air, the flowers make him sneeze so hard that he falls off his 
        chair and lies on the floor in agony. Niles takes him home but can't find 
        support for his back in any of his 'nice' chairs, and so much to Niles' 
        astonishment, he tries Martin's chair and finds it perfect for his predicament! 
        Niles leaves him in the company of Eddie and suggests he try the exercise 
        Roz explained about - which he does with Eddie listening to all his woes. 
        He says that not having a woman in his life is bothering him, which might 
        explain why he has been so short with Daphne recently because she will 
        be moving out when she marries Donny. He can always come home to the love 
        of a good woman, and says that he really does love Daphne. Unbeknownst 
        to Frasier, Daphne enters and overhears the last sentence and believes 
        that Frasier is in love with her!
Daphne tries to act like she hasn't heard anything and offers to give 
        Frasier a massage to help his back, but everything he says seems to confirm 
        what she overheard. When Martin comes in, he seees Daphne looking troubled 
        and asks what the matter is - she says she overheard Dr Crane say he was 
        in love with her. Obviously thinking she means Niles, he says that he 
        knew all along and has kept his mouth shut for 6 years! Daphne is astonished 
        but has to then give Frasier his massage in his bedroom - but feels a 
        bit uncomfortable doing it in her robe so goes to change. Martin then 
        comes in and tells Frasier that Daphne knows about Niles' feelings for 
        her, which leaves Frasier wondering how Daphne even saw Niles today. However, 
        when Martin explains a bit more it becomes apparent that Daphne overheard 
        his conversation with Eddie. Daphne comes back dressed in winter gear, 
        prompting Frasier to explain that he does love her - but only as a friend. 
        Daphne is much relieved, and the tranquilisers Frasier has taken start 
        to take effect just as Daphne begins her massage. She then asks what Martin 
        meant when he said Dr Crane has been in love with her for 6 years - Frasier 
        replies: "Oh, he meant Niles"!!!

#S7E11

Frasier is planning a very traditional Christmas party with carol singing 
        and a game of 'Minister's Cat', and has invited the whole building including 
        Cam Winston who he has a long running feud with over how close he parks 
        his car to Frasier's. Meanwhile, Daphne is still on tenterhooks after 
        discovering Niles' long running affection for her by a Frasier high on 
        painkillers - and doesn't remember what he said to Daphne. When Roz drops 
        by to return Frasier's punchbowl, she takes the opportunity to discuss 
        her problem - only to discover Roz already knew about it! Roz tells Daphne 
        not to worry - Niles is with Mel now, and Daphne's engaged to Donny. Niles 
        drops in with some bad news - their long-time garner Yoshi died of a heart 
        attack, and so has to go and condole Maris. Frasier says not to tell Mel 
        he is going to console his ex-wife, but at the KACL Christmas party, Mel 
        bumps into Frasier (she was a guest on one of the health shows) and asks 
        if he and his brother enjoyed dinner last night. Saying they didn't have 
        dinner last night causes Mel to get her coat but Niles covers it up by 
        saying he was getting her Christmas present, but Frasier lands Niles in 
        it again when he reveals it was Maris he was with causing Roz to overhear 
        Mel say to Niles "It's obvious you're still in love with her!".
Back at Frasier's, the party seems to be a disaster as no-one has turned 
        up because Cam Winston has invited the whole building to HIS party. Niles 
        arrives to say that he and Mel have broken up - causing Daphne to worry 
        that he might now make a play for her. Telling her worries to Roz, she 
        informs her what she overheard at the party causing Daphne to feel even 
        more awkward around Niles. As Niles seems a bit down, Martin turns on 
        'Dancing Santa' which manages to break Daphne's present, so he suggests 
        switching the gift tags with Mel's and giving her Mel's present as he 
        won't be needing it. Niles does so, and shares them out just as Mel phones. 
        Niles manages to explain everything but then realises he needs Daphne's 
        present back. Niles also admits to Frasier Maris may have mistaken his 
        sign of sympathy as something more, causing Daphne to overhear Niles say 
        "I've got to tell her how I feel". So when Niles asks Daphne 
        to join him on the balcony, she resolves to go first and tell him she 
        doesn't feel the same - but is much relieved when he asks for his present 
        back. Finally some guests show up - apparently one of Martin's buddies 
        in the fire department did him a favour and told Cam he had too many people 
        in his apartment. The episode ends with everyone singing 'Deck The 
        Halls' as Daphne steals a wistful glance at Niles.

#S7E12

Frasier meets Roz at Cafe Nervosa and begins to tell her about how he 
        celebrated the dawning of the new Millennium. It began disasterously, 
        with Niles coming round to Frasier's to tell him that their Millennium 
        party venue - Chez Henri - had burnt down after Henri set his own centrepiece 
        alight with his caramelising torch. They are distraught but Frasier remembers 
        the wine club are having their own party in Sun Valley - Auld Lang Wine, 
        so Niles is immediately on the phone. They would be delighted to have 
        them so Frasier and Niles invite Martin too, but fail to find any plane 
        tickets so are forced to make the 650 mile trip in Martin's new Winnebago 
        complete with his new personalised licence plates: RDWRER (Road Warrior, 
        in case you're wondering). Frasier is enjoying himself, but Niles is finding 
        it hellish, and both are finding Martin's 'Austin Powers' infatuation 
        hard to deal with. They finally stop at a roadside diner, a Little Red 
        Cabin, but Niles is so tired he decides to go back to the Winnebago. Unfortunately, 
        he is so tired he fails to realise he gets into the wrong Winnebago!
Frasier and Martin set off again thinking Niles is in the back, but when 
        Niles wakes up he believes he is in the Road Warrior and it has been stolen 
        by the two people who are now driving it - and their talk of being criminals 
        only makes him more sure. He phones the police and says that he has been 
        kidnapped in a Winnebago with licence plates RDWRER. He waits until the 
        two people driving pull into another Little Red Cabin and then drives 
        it off himself. He phones Frasier with a sense of triumph until Frasier 
        tells him that HE is driving the Road Warrior, meaning Niles has stolen 
        a Winnebago! At that moment, the police force Frasier out of the Winnebago 
        after receiving a tip-off, but as everything checks out, they are allowed 
        to proceed. Niles manages to return the Winnebago to the Little Red Cabin 
        without the two owners suspecting anything, but Frasier tells Niles he 
        is 300 miles away from them and he has to find some way of hitching a 
        ride to meet them halfway. Luckily the owners of the Winnebago are heading 
        that way and Niles sneaks aboard. When the 3 finally meet, it is already 
        past midnight but then Martin realises they are in Mountain Time and only 
        45 minutes away from Pacific Time, where it is only just gone 11pm. Will 
        they get there on time to celebrate the most important New Years Eve of 
        their lifetime?

#S7E13

The owner of the station, Mrs Delafield, has decided that each show on 
        KACL needs a theme tune. Frasier is having trouble coming up with his, 
        but inspired by the fact that one of Gil Chesterton's friends wrote his, 
        he decides to compose the one for his show himself. The station manager, 
        Kenny, complains that Frasier has been dragging his feet over it so when 
        Niles comes over, Frasier tells him he will have to cancel their dinner 
        plans to work on the theme song. Eventually, the two of them decide to 
        work together on the song and when Frasier needs an actor to perform a 
        dramatic monlogue as part of it, he has no hesitation in choosing Niles 
        for the part. Martin manages to come up with short, catchy jingle while 
        brushing his teeth but Frasier is dismissive of it - however, he still 
        believes something is missing from what he has composed so far. So he 
        hires an orchestra and a choir to help fulfil his artistic vision. He 
        is soon joined by Roz and new boyfriend Leon, whom Frasier has promised 
        a part to - he receives the part of first triangle! 
Daphne, Martin and then Kenny arrive to hear Frasier's magnum opus, but 
        Kenny is worried about all the participants working at the weekend. Finally, 
        the premiere of Frasier theme takes places and Frasier is overjoyed at 
        the end of it about how well it went. Kenny, on the other hand, is shell 
        shocked and says all he wanted was a little jingle. Daphne mentions that 
        Martin came up with a catchy little jingle, and persuades him to sing 
        it. Kenny far prefers Martin's to Frasier's and says he will have to go 
        back to the drawing board, and come up with something simple by Monday. 
        Frasier struggles to do "simple" - it just isn't in his nature 
        - but can't come up with something until Martin suggests just trying to 
        say what the show does. He comes up with another catchy jingle which Frasier 
        is at first loathe to use but eventually relents, and adapts it by adding 
        his own ending.
#S7E14

Roz has joined a book club, though her real motivation was Jason, the 
        guy who asked her to join. She hasn't read the book for that week 'The 
        Great Gatsby' and bumps into Frasier at the Cafe Nervosa, whom she asks 
        for a quick overview of the book. Frasier then spies the prom queen from 
        his old high school days, Lorna Lanley. He had a bit of a crush on her 
        in school, but while she was with the in-crowd, Frasier obviously wasn't. 
        She recognises him, and Frasier tries to pluck up the courage to ask her 
        out but instead asks her to appraise his apartment as he is thinking of 
        selling it. Frasier is rushing his father out before Lorna arrives but 
        then Niles turns up. He wants to use Frasier's kitchen to make her a birthday 
        meal to remember but when Frasier tells him he is going on a date with 
        Lorna, Niles just can't believe it. That is until Lorna knocks on the 
        door and Niles regresses to a giggling schoolchild when he shakes her 
        hand! Frasier seemingly also reduces to an adolescent when Lorna wants 
        to see his bedroom, but his conscience gets the better of him and tells 
        her he invited her becuase he had a crush on her and still thinks she 
        looks great. Lorna is flattered and says she'll stay for dinner if Frasier 
        wants...
Cut to the next morning where Frasier and Lorna are in bed, having spent 
        the night together with Frasier relishing his new found confidence in 
        asking Lorna out. It's a wonderfully pleasant moment - that is, until 
        Lorna discovers it's 10 o'clock and she's late. She suddenly turns into 
        this uncouth, completely different person shouting down her mobile phone 
        at her children. She also smokes -filling Frasier with a mixture of amazement 
        and dismay. He realises he cannot continue seeing Lorna, and so resolves 
        to break it off with her. Meanwhile Daphne is helping Niles cook his dinner 
        for Mel, but he manages to burn his hand on a pan handle. Daphne starts 
        rubbing his hand with aloe cream but continues doing so in a loving, caring 
        manner. Niles starts to feel uncomfortable but when Martin walks in, Daphne 
        jumps and runs off in embarassment. Niles is discussing this with Frasier 
        later at the cafe and wonders if Daphne has feelings for him. Frasier 
        says no, she was just being caring. He also says that he is meeting Lorna 
        soon to break it off with her, but when she arrives, she tells him she'll 
        have to cancel their plans for tonight as she has to go to their high 
        school Coach's reunion and wants Frasier to go with her. He, on the other 
        hand, is trying to break it off with her but then realises all the popular 
        students from his high school will be there. Frasier is relishing the 
        look on their faces when they see 'Crane The Brain' walk in with the prom 
        queen on his arm. How will Lorna react when Frasier tells her the truth 
        just as they are about to go in....?

#S7E15

It's Valentine's Day, and Roz and Daphne are planning to watch sad chick 
        movies as Roz doesn't have a date and Donny had to fly to Florida for 
        his grandmother's funeral. Frasier is planning to go to the opera with 
        Niles as Mel is out of town but when he arrives, he is on the phone to 
        Mel who has changed her mind and wants to spend time with Niles. He asks 
        Frasier to give up his opera ticket for him and Mel but Frasier refuses. 
        He still wants to go to the opera because there is a lady there he has 
        taken quite a liking to and wants to ask her out, so he asks his father 
        to go with him because he doesn't want to go alone or with a woman. Reluctantly, 
        Martin agrees but finds all operas stupid as they are based on improbable 
        events. Finally Frasier's mystery woman shows up and Martin is in agreement 
        about how good looking she is. However, when Martin waves at her and her 
        mother, it is her mother who waves back obviously thinking Martin has 
        taken a liking to her - which Martin is appalled at. At the interval, 
        Frasier finally meets up with his mystery woman, who he learns is called 
        Emily, and her mother Helen. Frasier leaves Martin and Helen to talk together 
        as they get some champagne. Helen asks Martin out for a date but he is 
        hesitant and the reason for this is he is ..., as Helen finishes his sentence 
        with "Gay?". Martin says yes, seeing this as a way out of his 
        date, and thinks nothing more of it. Frasier and Emily return, and announces 
        Emily is joining him for a nightcap after the opera. The second half begins 
        and they return to their seats, at which point Helen mentions that Martin 
        was gay to Emily, and she thinks she has the perfect date for Martin and 
        will take him along when she goes to Frasier's....
Frasier returns to his apartment and throws Roz out as Emily is coming 
        soon, and when she does arrive, she has also brought her uncle Edward 
        as a possible date for Martin. Frasier is amazed at this but plays along 
        with Martin's deception. Everything Martin then says to Edward seems to 
        indicate he is interested in him, but when Frasier gets Martin alone in 
        the kitchen he says he knows about his lie so Martin believes he should 
        gay it up a bit so Emily doesn't discover he is straight. However, Martin 
        gets a bit under the collar when Edward tells Martin he is gay - with 
        his hand on Martin's knee! So much so, in fact, that when Edward asks 
        if Martin is free for dinner sometime, he says that he is already seeing 
        someone. Niles arrives at Frasier's at that moment - and Martin announces 
        that this is his boyfriend!! Niles is aghast at this but goes along with 
        it through gritted teeth. Frasier, however, is very embarrassed and says 
        the only way out of this situation is for Niles to dump Dad! This he does 
        in spectacular fashion, but when Edward wants to leave and Emily is his 
        ride home, Martin offers to take him so Frasier and Emily can spend some 
        time alone together.
#S7E16

Roz is taking her vacation so Frasier has to find a temporary call screener. 
        He doesn't want Roz's suggestion again - Chuck Ranberg - who has a speech 
        impediment that makes Frasier burst out in fits of giggles. Instead he 
        opts to take someone from a community programme he was a guest at recently: 
        Second Start, which train up people from low-paid, dull jobs. So along 
        comes Mary Thomas, a black, personable and slightly nervous person who 
        takes over Roz's reins. Initially she is reticent to say anything, but 
        with Frasier's encouragement, she starts to add her own opinions to Frasier's 
        advice. This is invariably some sassy comments along with some homepsun 
        wisdom from Grandpa Willie - which Frasier finds irritating to say the 
        least, as Mary comes out with advice which is the antithesis of what he 
        would give. Frasier can't quite bring himself to give her a piece of his 
        mind, which Martin puts down to the fact that she is black, by pointing 
        out that if it was Roz, he'd have no problem in doing so. Frasier dismisses 
        this but as the week goes on, Mary takes up more of the show with her 
        advice - so much so that callers start to call her Dr Mary, something 
        that Frasier finds almost pushes him to the limit. At the end of the show, 
        Kenny asks him how he finds Mary, and Frasier says that she does have 
        a tendency to jump in and give her own advice. Kenny says that he's nuts 
        about her too - and wants to make the two of them a permanent team, with 
        Roz being made Gil Chesterton's producer!
Frasier is at his wits end, but still is unable to bring himself to tell 
        Mary his true thoughts on her without sounding like a bigot. However, 
        on Martin's suggestion that she would be good on her own show, Frasier 
        phones Kenny and says he thinks being the call screener is limiting Mary 
        - so Kenny makes Frasier and Mary the co-hosts! The Dr Frasier Crane show 
        is rarely that now, what with Mary's constant advice and her rows with 
        the new call screener, Louise. Frasier realises he has to talk to her 
        about her constant advice giving, and so meets Mary at the Cafe Nervosa 
        for a chat. He says he hasn't enjoyed working with her and can't respect 
        the advice she gives. He adds that he hasn't said anything because she 
        is black Mary is at first slightly hurt that he couldn't have been honest 
        with her, but says she has just been offered her own show on KPXY which 
        wouldn't have happened if Frasier had told her to keep quiet. Meanwhile, 
        Niles manages to cause havoc at Frasier's apartment with his demonstration 
        of his newly certificated kickboxing skills....

#S7E17

Martin has embarked on an affair with Claire Wojadubakowski, whose husband 
        Stan was buried a few weeks before. He is feeling quite guilty over this, 
        but Claire tells him not to worry. Frasier, meanwhile, is very excited 
        about being made Corkmaster at his local wine club. He tells Roz that 
        Niles is nominating him, but hopes Mel doesn't make him change his mind. 
        Roz asks how he can be so sure, forcing Frasier to admit he doesn't know 
        Mel all that well, so he suggests having Sunday brunch that week to get 
        to know her better and invites Roz along. While Niles is getting ready 
        for the wine club meeting, Mel subtly manages to convince Niles to run 
        against his brother for the position of Corkmaster - to which he agrees. 
        Frasier is a bit stunned when Niles reveals his intention to run against 
        him, and as luck would have it, Frasier and Niles are the only two nominees 
        for being made Corkmaster. The votes are counted for them - 14 apiece 
        - which means a blind taste-off off 5 bottles of wine is required to decide 
        the winner. After 4 bottles, it's neck and neck but on the 5th bottle, 
        Frasier and Niles differ in opinion - Niles believes it to be Merlot while 
        Frasier believes it to be Cabernet. The judge says that the final bottle 
        was a blend - of 45% Cabernet and 55% Merlot, which means Niles is crowned 
        Corkmaster!
So we get to the Sunday brunch Frasier is throwing for Mel, with Frasier 
        himself still fuming over losing out to his brother. Martin tries to sneak 
        Claire out of the door after sleeping with her but Frasier sees her, thinking 
        she has just arrived and invites her to brunch! Finally Mel and Niles 
        arrive, and Mel instantly gets on Martin's nerves with her dislike of 
        Eddie, and asking him to put Eddie out on the balcony. In fact, during 
        the course of brunch, she manages to alienate everyone - especially Frasier 
        when he learns it was Mel who suggested he run for Corkmaster. Frasier 
        in particular is concerned that she is controlling and emasculating him 
        - in other words, Maris all over again. He wants to say something, but 
        Martin warns Frasier he will just drive a wedge between him and Niles. 
        However, Daphne says she can't stand her and soon Niles learns that everyone 
        agrees with her.....
#S7E18

Martin and Donny return from a tractor pull event (which neither Niles 
        or Daphne see the point of), while Frasier returns from seeing Frederick 
        in Boston with a growing amount of stubble (the cue for beard jokes from 
        everyone else). The joy of this, however, was tempered by seeing Lilith 
        with her new boyfriend: a contortionist with the Cirque De Soleil. Roz 
        then turns up with Frasier's travel documents for a broadcasting conference 
        they are meant to be going to, but he thought it was next week. Frasier 
        tries to convince Roz they'll not miss anything if they go tomorrow, but 
        then he remembers Rush Hour Rita from last year and they are soon on their 
        way. Donny then receives a call from the surveillance guy he was using 
        that night for a divorce case involving the refuse king of Seattle. He 
        then remembers Martin was an ex-cop and offers him the job at $50 dollars 
        an hour plus $700 for a photo with him and the woman his wife suspects 
        he's having an affair with. Niles is appalled and tries to convince his 
        father otherwise, so he agrees not to do it to please his son - but then 
        says he will do it to Donny.
Up at the conference, Frasier comes to Roz's room while his is being 
        prepared, but then gets a phone call from reception saying that they don't 
        have a room for him. Roz doesn't want Frasier to stay, fearing it'll cramp 
        her style, but he persuades her that perhaps neither will need the room 
        as there are plenty of people for both of them. Martin is on his stakeout 
        when Niles appears at his van, having learnt from the security guard he 
        decided to go on the stakeout after all. Very angry at his father lying 
        to him, Niles explains he was worried about his father because he was 
        a cop, and that this stakeout has brought all those feelings back. However, 
        they do begin to bond until Niles questions whether Martin is doing the 
        right thing as the man in question may be about too break off the affair 
        and the evidence Martin collects could put an end to the guy's marriage. 
        Martin agrees, but when the guy hits Niles' Mercedes he changes his mind 
        and Martin gets his picture. Meanwhile, back at the conference, both Frasier 
        and Roz were brushed off by the people they were chasing, and spend the 
        evening talking until Roz reveals she has bought a blonde wig.. Will Frasier 
        be able to keep his emotions and passions under control .....?

#S7E19

Frasier joins Martin and Daphne at Cafe Nervosa in a jubilant mood after 
        a great show, but Roz is the bearer of bad news: the station is taking 
        of his show for a week and replacing it with 'Car Chat with Bob and 
        Bethany'. He is understandably appalled but sees this a a ruse during 
        his contract renegotiations. Meeting his agent, Bebe Glazer, later, Frasier 
        learns that the negotiations aren't going well so Bebe suggests taking 
        up an offer she had for Frasier and Roz to co-host AM Seattle, a morning 
        chat and entertainment show (the Seattle version of 'This Morning', 
        in other words) for a week in order to lever for a better contract. Frasier 
        initially wants no part of a show which he sees as beneath him until he 
        realises he can make the show classier and introduce culture to the show. 
        On the day of the first show, Roz turns up ill and delusional minutes 
        before they are due to go on air, causing the producer to want a re-run 
        to be shown instead. Bebe manages to convince the producer to let her 
        be the co-host (thanks to a dose of blackmail about the affair he's having 
        with the wardrobe girl), and AM Seattle goes on the air with Frasier and 
        Bebe presenting. Frasier launches into a piece he has prepared on 'Morning', 
        almost causing the producer to go spare so he signals to Bebe to banter 
        with him - so she gets Frasier to do his Sean Connery and James Mason 
        impressions, much to the producer and audiences' delight!
The rest of the week goes well, with both Frasier and Bebe being recognised 
        more on the streets, but Frasier's attempts at raising the standard of 
        the show with culture always seem to be replaced with more crowd-pleasing 
        items such as Frasier doing the cookery section together with Bobo the 
        Cooking Chimp! Roz comes to see Frasier the day before his final broadcast 
        with a rumour she heard that the producers are looking to keep Frasier 
        and Bebe on full time, and she wants to know where she fits in. Frasier 
        tells her not to worry, but when Bebe tells him the next day the very 
        same news, he instantly accuses her of not caring about his radio contact. 
        Bebe is a little taken aback - and hands Frasier his new contract, but 
        tries to convince him to take up the TV job. Frasier's loyalties are sorely 
        tested as he does love the sound of an appreciative audience, but Niles 
        is on hand to try and win him back to psychiatry....Meanwhile, Martin's 
        eyesight is failing and ends up going into the ladies room, forcing him 
        to but some glasses. Unfortunately, they are ladies glasses and Martin 
        just can't see it.

#S7E20

Frasier is impatiently waiting for the delivery of his new, hand-tailored 
        blazer when he bumps into Regan outside the elevator. She tells him that 
        she is no longer seeing her boyfriend Scott, so Frasier is tempted to 
        ask her out again but is worried as everyone he does, he ends up looking 
        ridiculous. Donny also has problems - his best man can't arrange his bachelor 
        party for him, so Frasier offers to help out. Donny doesn't want Frasier's 
        help because he fears Frasier won't deliver the right kind of party. Frasier 
        is relating this to Roz later at Cafe Nervosa, who agrees that Frasier 
        does come over as a bit fussy, so to try and prove Roz wrong, he phones 
        up Donny and convinces him that he will be able to put together a great 
        party complete with strippers!. Just then, Niles comes in and asks them 
        to look at a rotund woman who keeps going back into a donut shop for more. 
        Frasier and Roz are appalled that they Niles is making them watch until 
        he reveals the woman in question is Maris! Apparently, she has been hit 
        hard by the news that Mel and Niles are together - even spreading a rumour 
        that it was the neck tuck she had by Mel that caused her to become obese. 
      
Frasier begins his quest for a stripper by purchasing a 'smut rag' from 
        one of those street newspaper dispensers, but manages to get his blazer 
        caught in the door - just as Regan appears from the shop next door, causing 
        Frasier much embarrassment. Back at his apartment, Daphne is about to 
        go out for the afternoon with Donny, and tells Frasier she is pleased 
        he is putting together the bachelor party as it'll be a quiet affair. 
        Just then, a police officer appears at his door to question Frasier about 
        the vandalism of a newspaper dispenser - but it turns out to be a stripper 
        that Martin has hired so Frasier can judge the best for Donny. Daphne 
        then arrives back unexpectedly with a splitting headache forcing Frasier 
        to pretend the 'policewoman' is being interviewed for the position of 
        housekeeper and takes her to his bedroom. Niles and Mel then arrive, and 
        Niles manages to convince Daphne to give Mel a massage. Martin tells Niles 
        that Frasier is in his bedroom with a stripper, but Frasier then appears 
        in the living room handcuffed to the stripper (thanks to Frasier trying 
        to show her an appropriate encore). Maris then makes an unexpected appearance 
        and Frasier, Niles and Martin have to hide Frasier from Daphne, Mel, Maris 
        AND Regan who Frasier meets at the elevator. Wil Frasier manage to get 
        away with it .....?

#S7E21

Frasier arrives home in jubilant mood, despite being told by the doctor 
        his cholesterol level has not budged, for today is an exciting day - he 
        is taking Martin, Daphne, Roz and Niles to a restaurant for a surprise 
        event. He won't let on what the event is, but when all of them arrive 
        at the Italian restaurant 'Stefanos' (except Niles - he had an 
        incident there in his childhood which ended with him vomitting over Stefano's 
        shoes, and makes some excuse), Frasier finally lets the secret out. For 
        a long time, Seattle's famous faces have had their caricature done and 
        put up upon the wall, and today is the day that Frasier's caricature is 
        going up on the wall! However, when it is finally unveiled, the artist 
        has exaggerated his forehead to enormous proportions. Of course, Frasier 
        begins obsessing about this and uses the dinner he and Niles are going 
        on that night to return to 'Stefanos' and try to get his picture 
        changed. Niles is of course horrified at the thought of trying to sit 
        through a meal in the place that has terrified him since childhood, especially 
        when Stefano spends the entire evening trying to remember where he remembers 
        Niles from.
Frasier manages to convince Stefano that his picture would be better 
        if the forehead wasn't exaggerated as much, and luckily for Frasier the 
        artist is available so a new caricature of Frasier is drawn up - which 
        sadly looks nothing like him, leaving Frasier even more angry. When Stefano 
        decides to sit down with Niles and try and remember where he recalls seeing 
        him before, Frasier uses the opportunity to visit's Alice's birthday party 
        as she has hired a cartoonist and hopes to get some good caricatures of 
        himself done which he hopes he can use to replace the one on 'Stefanos' 
        walls. However, on his return to the restaurant, Stefano's mother spies 
        the pictures and Frasier admits to Stefano that he doesn't like his picture, 
        calling the artist an overpriced hack. This sends Stefano into a rage 
        as it's his mother who is the artist and throws Frasier out while keeping 
        Niles back to sort out finally where he knows him from. This leaves the 
        Crane family banned from Stefano's, including Niles as he vomitted again 
        after Stefano shook him too well during a bear hug.
#S7E22

Daphne is at a therapist's because a judge decided after causing a four 
        car pile up, she needs some anger management. Daphne then explains in 
        flashback how this event occured - it all began with a surprise party 
        thrown by Donny at Niles' apartment. Everyone is playing party games, 
        with Mel in charge, when there is a knock at the door and Donny then introduces 
        the surprise guest - Daphne's favourite brother. Daphne is thrilled that 
        Steven is here but Donny says it's not him. It is in fact Daphne's least 
        favourite brother - Simon Moon, a beer swilling freeloader as everyone 
        is about to find out. Roz, however, develops an instant attraction for 
        him and spends the rest of the party chasing him. However, spilling his 
        drink on Daphne's favourite dress at the party is on the beginning, as 
        Simon then proceeds to make Frasier and Daphne's life a misery after he 
        moves into Frasier's apartment, especially after Frasier finds Simon sleeping 
        naked in his bed!. 
Finally, a grateful Daphne has a night to herself but Martin returns 
        from McGintys early after the cable went out, so he's going to watch the 
        game at home. He is soon followed by Frasier, home early from his concert 
        after catching Simon's cold, closely followed by Simon himself and some 
        co-horts he met down at the pub who he has invited back to Frasier's to 
        watch the game. Everyone is ordering Daphne about and she soon can't take 
        any more of their bossing her about, so goes down to the laundry for some 
        peace and quiet. She discovers there that someone has thrown her favourite 
        dress into a puddle of bleach and ruined it. Daphne takes her revenge 
        by taking that person's clothes and strewing them all over the floor. 
        With great timing, Donny has invited his parents over to meet Daphne - 
        and they meet her in a foul mood pouring herself a large whisky. Just 
        then, the lady whose clothes Daphne threw on the laundry room floor arrives 
        prompting Daphne to get even angrier - and so throws her clothes on to 
        the fire and out of the window, causing the 4 car pile up. 
The psychiatrist now sees why Daphne felt provoked but is confused on 
        one point - why Daphne was wearing her favourite dress to Niles' apartment 
        if she didn't know Donny was throwing a party there. Just what was she 
        expecting? It is at that point that Daphne realises that she does have 
        feelings for Niles and isn't sure what to do next ......

#S7E23

Frasier, Niles, Mel, Daphne and Martin return from the funeral of the 
        building's doorman, Morrie, and his wife has given Martin an excedingly 
        rare bottle of wine he had - much to the amazement of Frasier and Niles. 
        Martin, however, gives it to Daphne as a wedding gift. Niles and Mel announce 
        they are spending a few days before Daphne's wedding away at a cabin, 
        but Niles is worried Mel will press for him to move in with her again 
        so Frasier's advice is to not take baby steps in life. Frasier also notices 
        that Daphne has been quite highly strung lately, and on confronting her 
        Frasier learns that Daphne has known for some time about Niles' feelings 
        for her. Not only that, but she may have feelings for Niles as well, leaving 
        Daphne no choice but to talk to him when he gets back. Simon, Daphne's 
        bad-seed brother, returns from California but as Frasier doesn't want 
        him in the apartment, Martin offers to put him up in his Winnebago. After 
        his sojourn away, Niles drops by Frasier's apartment with news he just 
        can't contain - he and Mel have got married! Frasier learns this from 
        Martin just after he has encouraged Daphne to speak to Niles about his 
        feelings for her and manages to stop her in time. It transpires that Frasier's 
        advice about not taking baby steps was ringing in Niles' ears when he 
        accepted Mel's proposal, but when Daphne learns of this news, she hides 
        her real feelings in a sea of smiles and congratulations. 
Finally, Daphne's big day has arrived and all the guests are arriving 
        at the country house she and Donny have hired for the occasion, including 
        16 members of the Moon family. When Daphne's mother arrives, everyone 
        soon learns why Daphne holds her in such low regard, but it is Roz who 
        faces the most problems what with being seated next to an ex-boyfriend 
        and having to go to the wedding with Simon as she couldn't get anyone 
        else. Frasier speaks to Daphne in private, and she now says that her feelings 
        for Niles were just wedding jitters and she does love Donny. However, 
        the way in which Niles and Daphne seeem to look at each other on the dancefloor 
        after the rehearsal dinner prompts Frasier into taking Niles upstairs 
        and telling him that Daphne knows, and has known for some time, about 
        his feelings for her, and she may feel the same. Niles manages to get 
        Daphne on her own and tells her that he loves her, and wants to know how 
        she feels about him. However, this moment is spoiled by the arrival of 
        Simon and the rest of the party, forcing Niles and Daphne on to the balcony. 
        Niles waits anxiously for her answer, and surpries him as she passionately 
        kisses Niles, but then says she can't cancel the wedding and points out 
        they haven't been on a date, leaving Niles distraught.
A short time before the ceremony, Frasier and Martin find Niles holed 
        up in the Winnebago and try to cheer him up by drinking Morrie's rare 
        bottle of wine - a nice gesture, sadly soured by the fact that Morrie's 
        wine rack was in the bolier room! Frasier and Martin then leave Niles 
        in peace when there is a knock at the door - it's Daphne and she's ready 
        to go on a date with Niles - and the two of them set off in the Winnebago 
        together........

#S7E24

#S8E1

We begin where we left off at the end of Season 7 - with Niles and Daphne 
        escaping from her and Donny's wedding in the Winnebago. Both are excited 
        at the prospect, but when they have to decide whether to head for Seattle 
        or Canada, they realise the best thing to do would be to head back to 
        the wedding and tell Donny and Mel their feelings for each other. This 
        they do - with neither Donny nor Mel taking it well at all!! As Niles 
        and Daphne begin their relationship properly, they decide that they should 
        have their first proper date at a fancy restaurant to celebrate this new 
        phase in their lives. Their happiness is shattered somewhat by the arrival 
        of a bunch of flowers from Donny for Daphne - accompanied by a letter 
        informing her that he is suing her for emotional distress!
Frasier goes down to talk to Donny, but all his persuasive 
        talking just manages to get him added to the lawsuit for his part in getting 
        Daphne to dump him for Niles! Frasier and Martin then join Niles at Cafe 
        Nervosa as he prepares to meet Mel for the first time - she informs him 
        that in return for a clean divorce, he will have to play the role of her 
        husband at some social engagements before SHE files for divorce just to 
        save face within her social circle. He agrees - something Daphne is none 
        to happy about, especially when Niles tells her that the first social 
        event is the night of their first date. What's worse is that the event 
        is Mel and Niles wedding reception, organised by some of Mel's colleagues 
        - throughout which Niles has to put on a smiley happy face all evening. 
        Mel then drops a bombshell when she informs Niles that while he is 'playing' 
        her husband, he cannot be seen in public with Daphne. All of this causes 
        Niles and Daphne to have their first fight, which Frasier elegantly resolves 
        by getting the two of them to have dinner together on the roof of the 
        apartment block under the twinkling stars.....

#S8E2

Thanks to not changing his car's pollen filter for 6 months, Frasier's 
        car is in the shop and has to take the bus home from work in the pouring 
        rain. To his surprise, he finds himself attracted to a gorgeous blonde 
        woman whom he overhears is aclled Miranda and works at a retirement home 
        called the Colonnades. Roz persuades him to go and talk to her but he 
        misses his chance and she gets off the bus before he has a chance to speak 
        with her. Pondering what to do, Niles suggests that he go down to the 
        retirement home with Martin to try and ask her out under the pretence 
        of looking for a retirement home for his father. 
Martin is none too happy about this, but goes along with it as Frasier 
        has promised to go with him to a Sonics game after he has asked Miranda 
        out. Luckily for Frasier, Miranda agrees to go out to dinner with him, 
        but drops a bombshell when she reveals that Martin has filled in an application 
        form to live at the Colonnades.....Meanwhile, Niles and Daphne organise 
        a rooftop picnic to watch the meteor shower but things don't go according 
        to plan when Niles is trapped in a stairwell.
#S8E3

There's a new owner of KACL - a 20 year old dotcom millionaire by the 
        name of Todd Peterson. When he meets Frasier, he tells him he's a big 
        fan of his show. Frasier is, of course, flattered and invites Todd to 
        dinner at his apartment to discuss some new ideas he has for his show. 
        At dinner, Todd admits that being an overnight millionaire has meant being 
        invited to a lot of parties where everyone expects him to know everything 
        about living the high life whereas in reality, he knows next to nothing. 
        This prompts Frasier to offer his services as a guide to the finer things 
        in life, with the prospect of greater things in radio somewhere at the 
        back of his mind, and Todd readily accepts the idea of being mentored 
        by Frasier. At first things go very well, but when Frasier attends Todd's 
        housewarming at the apartment block where Frasier lives, he discovers 
        that Todd has copied the entire layout of his apartment - swiftly followed 
        by having Todd copy the clothes he wears!
Frasier resolves to talk to Todd, and suggests to him that he has to 
        find his own style rather than simply duplicating Frasier's. The conversation 
        leads Frasier to look at his own life, and instead of Todd changing his 
        apartment, Frasier has the idea of finding a new look for his own apartment......Meanwhile, 
        Mel is causing Niles more misery by forcing him to embarass her in public 
        so that people will think Niles drove Mel away.

#S8E4

In Cafe Nervosa, Frasier is searching the classifieds for a new help 
        around his apartment as he doesn't feel it's right to keep on asking Daphne 
        now she is Niles' girlfriend. Then Niles arrives in a very depressed state, 
        prompting Frasier to ask what's wrong. Apparently, Mel forced him to go 
        to a friend's funeral and leave his mobile phone on - during which it 
        rang twice. He also mentions that his butler was there - lighting a bulb 
        over Frasier's head. Both Niles and Frasier want the butler, but Frasier 
        wins by telling Niles that Daphne won't have to clean again! And so Ferguson 
        joins the Crane household and is every bit as good as Frasier hoped he 
        would be. He soon proves his worth to Frasier by suggesting that he send 
        a particular bottle of wine to Alan Murchie, newly elected president of 
        the opera board as a way of trying to get his vacated spot on the board. 
        He does, however, tell Daphne that from his experience employer-employee 
        relationships don't work because of the status difference - something 
        Daphne dismisses.
Alan Murchie's bottle of wine was a great success, and he has intimated 
        to Frasier that he is opera board material. To continue the charm offensive 
        with the rest of the opera board, Frasier has an idea of a post-Turandot 
        party at his apartment. Ferguson has the idea of changing this to pre-Turandot 
        party because of the older members of the board - which Frasier agrees 
        to. On the night of the party, Niles drops by to pick up Daphne for their 
        secret trip together to the Tacoma Mall, but his delight at being with 
        Daphne soon turns to despair when Ted and Lois Fisher bring a guest - 
        Mel! She, of course, forces him to stay by her side but when she agrees 
        to go to the Fisher's New Year's Eve party, Niles snaps. He drags Mel 
        to the kitchen and demands she stop being so vindictive - but Mel will 
        do no such thing. Niles then causes a scene in front of the rest of the 
        guests by saying he loves Daphne and that their sham of a marriage is 
        over! All of this leaves Frasier without a place on the board, and without 
        Ferguson as he tenders his resignation after seeing Niles break rank and 
        wants to pursue a lady he once buttled for.

#S8E5

Frasier, Niles and Daphne are all at Frasier's apartment awaiting Frasier's 
        high-price (and very attractive) lawyer, Abby, to drop by to update them 
        on Donny's lawsuit against Frasier and Daphne. When she does, they are 
        in for a bit of a shock as she informs them that Donny phoned earlier 
        that day to drop the lawsuit - with no real explanation why. They all 
        agree they should all go out to dinner later that week to celebrate, and 
        Frasier surprises Abby by asking her to go out with him - and she agrees!. 
        In the meantime, Frasier receives his bill from Abby and is surprised 
        at just how much she is charging - $4000 just for phone consultations, 
        for example - and becomes even more determined to do something about it 
        when Martin informs him that Daphne's lawyer charged half of what Abby 
        did for the same job.
Later that week, at the celebratory meal, Frasier becomes concerned at 
        Abby's record keeping as she starts the clock when speaking to a client 
        but forgets to stop her clock when she has finished talking to him. There 
        is also a potentially awkward moment when Donny arrives at the same restaurant 
        and reveals why he has dropped the lawsuit - he just got engaged. Abby's 
        lax timekeeping at the restaurant has prompted Frasier to send her a strongly 
        worded e-mail asking for a point by point breakdown of his bill, and receives 
        a phone call from Abby asking to see him immediately. When he gets there, 
        Frasier finds Abby's e-mail system was down and hasn't yet read his e-mail, 
        but when Abby starts to come on to Frasier, his e-mail arrives with immaculate 
        timing leaving Frasier no choice but to try and delete it before Abby 
        can read it....
#S8E6

Frasier is in a restaurant waiting for a late-running Niles when Roz 
        and her new boyfriend walk in. Signalling to Roz, he asks her if he could 
        join them while he waits for Niles - to which Roz reluctantly agrees. 
        So Frasier is introduced to Luke Parker - a Harvard drop-out who now sails 
        his boat around the world. Frasier is intrigued by Luke's tales of pirates 
        and high-sea adventures, so much so in fact that when Roz has to rush 
        off after Alice gets a bead stuck up her nose, Frasier and Luke stay talking 
        to each other. So Frasier makes a new friend in Luke, encouraging him 
        to put his stories down on paper. Everything is going swimmingly until 
        one night when Roz arrives at Frasier's in a state - she saw Luke with 
        another woman and promptly dumped him!
This leaves Frasier feeling sad for Roz and tells her that she was his 
        friend first, leaving Luke out in the cold. Frasier then goes over to 
        Luke's to tell him their friendship is over - which is a little hard for 
        Frasier to do as he doesn't make new friends easily. Luke then tries to 
        convince Frasier to change his mind by saying that if Roz hadn't been 
        involved, this wouldn't be an issue. Frasier agrees and so decids to stay 
        friends with Luke but to keep it quiet from Roz. Martin and Daphne both 
        voice their displeasure at Frasier stabbing Roz in the back but Frasier 
        is adamant that he is doing nothing terribly wrong. He does however, feel 
        a little guilty and meets Roz at Cafe Nervosa to give her a bracelet she 
        has had her eye on - unaware that Roz and Luke have just got back together.....
#S8E7

After Frasier's show, Mary Thomas (from Episode 
        7.16 - Something About Dr Mary) walks into the booth and hands Frasier 
        and Roz copies of her new book 'Cornbread for the Soul'. Kenny 
        then arrives and announces that Mary is coming back to KACL, and to Frasier's 
        surprise, she is getting the morning drive-time show. Although a little 
        taken aback, Frasier has more important things on his mind: the Seattle 
        Christmas Parade. The parade has represented the spirit of Christmas since 
        he and Niles watched it when they were kids, and it has been a dream of 
        his to host it ever since. Luckily for Frasier, one of the presenting 
        spots has become available as the husband and wife team of Kelly Kirkland 
        and beau have split up. So Frasier begins a charm offensive by inviting 
        Kelly to his apartment for dinner and cooks some of the recipes from her 
        TV show. Kelly is impressed by this and even more so when Frasier shows 
        her some banter he has written. All his hard work pays off - Frasier gets 
        the job!
Frasier's elation is soon vanquished by the news that Kelly has gone 
        down with food poisoning and Frasier will have a new co-host: Mary Thomas! 
        Fearing that Mary's larger than life personality will ruin the carefully 
        scripted banter he has written, Frasier decides he just has to try and 
        get Mary to stick to the script as much as possible. However, Mary is 
        soon ad-libbing her own comments much to Frasier's dismay but to the delight 
        of the producer who tells Frasier to lighten up. This goes on until Frasier 
        decides he has had enough of Mary's comments and wants to do the Santa 
        interview on his own. Mary agrees, but Santa seems more interested in 
        Mary and the ensuing argument between Frasier and Mary causes Frasier 
        to accidentally hit Santa with the microphone...... 
#S8E8

The nominations for the SeaBee's have been announced - including one 
        for Gil Chesterton as Restaurant Critic Of The Year - but 'The Dr Frasier 
        Crane Show' doesn't get any. However, Frasier is astonished to learn that 
        he has been chosen to receive this years Lifetime Achievement Award, and 
        among the congratulations he receives is a basket of flowers from his 
        Harvard psychology professor/mentor, Professor Tewkesbury. Frasier has 
        been meaning to see him for some time after reading in the alumni magazine 
        he is working in Seattle at Washington University. He is somewhat puzzled 
        by the card that comes with the flowers: 'You should be very proud' is 
        one of the lines, and leaves Frasier wondering why he didn't write "I'm 
        very proud of you". Frasier goes down to see Professor Tewkesbury 
        just before the awards ceremony, who reveals that Frasier has been overanalyzing 
        the card because his assistant wrote it. Frasier leaves happy, but the 
        Professor finds him outside his office suffering from what appears to 
        be a mid-life crisis - for which the Professor suggests an unusual course 
        of action: Frasier has to analyze and treat himself.....

#S8E9

Frederick, now 13, is coming to stay for the weekend and Frasier has 
        lined up an exciting range of activities: they are going to see a play, 
        visit the computer fair, and read and discuss 'Walden' by Henry 
        David Thoreau. However, on returning home, the Frederick he meets seems 
        to be completely unlike the one he remembers - this Frederick is now into 
        pop music, prefers video games to reading and seems to have lost the intellectual 
        capabilities he once had. Frasier tries to take it in his stride, but 
        is struggling to make a connection with the son he once got along with 
        so well. Visiting the computer fair with Frederick, where he tried to 
        lose his father the whole time, is the last straw - Frasier decides that 
        he and Frederick are going to go on a camping trip together - swapping 
        TV and computer games for the delights of the outdoors, whether he likes 
        it or not. He then forces Martin to go along with them as well, despite 
        Martin's protestations.
Once at a cabin in the woods, Frasier hands out journals for Frederick 
        and Martin to write down their thoughts during the weekend, but as soon 
        as Frederick sees a nearby family who have a rope swing, he leaves Frasier 
        and Martin on their own. Frasier is angry that Frederick doesn't even 
        want to spend time with him, and confesses to Martin he wanted to achieve 
        some special moment with his son but can't even see that happenning. Frederick 
        returns to ask if he can have dinner with his new freinds in the next 
        cabin but Frasier forces him to have dinner with them. Frederick then 
        rushes off after dinner to see his friends again, leaving Frasier thinking 
        this was all a big mistake and wants to leave the next day, but when Frederick 
        returns later that evening he wants to stay as he has made plans with 
        (and kissed) Melody, the girl from the next cabin.......Meanwhile, Roz's 
        lament about her love life prompts Daphne to set her up with one of Niles' 
        doctor friends but it doesn't quite go according to plan.

#S8E10

As Frasier drives his date Chelsea, Niles and Daphne to the opera, his 
        car suddenly breaks down. Despite putting a brave face on it, Frasier 
        and Niles feel a little embarrassed about their lack of knowledge about 
        car engines, so resolve to take an evening class to help them grasp the 
        basics. Sitting right at the front of the class, Frasier and Niles feel 
        right at home until the class starts and Frasier and Niles' discussions 
        between themselves puts them behind. They don't catch up by the end of 
        the class - and so rationalise they would be better off quitting. However, 
        both Daphne and Martin are so proud of Frasier and Niles that they have 
        second thoughts.
Despairing that they will never catch up with the first class's work, 
        Roz suggests that instead of having to be top of the class, they should 
        coast. Frasier and Niles have never done that their whole lives - but 
        decide to do it. However, their slacker antics get them thrown out of 
        the class.......Meanwhile, Martin drives Roz to distraction as he tries 
        to train Roz's new dog the 'right' way.

#S8E11

Frasier drags Roz to a Sci-Fi convention to buy some comics for Frederick, 
        and happens to spy Jackson Hedley signing memorabilia for fans. Jackson 
        did a performance of his one-man show at Frasier and Niles' school and 
        introduced both of them to the world of Shakespeare, so Frasier goes ove 
        to speak to him. He finds out he plays a character in a sci-fi show on 
        TV, leaving Frasier appalled that the man's talents are being wasted. 
        Discussing the situation with Niles, they come to the conclusion that 
        they can be the one's to save Jackson's career by mounting a production 
        of his one-man show at a Seattle theatre. Hugely excited by having the 
        chance to be theatrical producers, Frasier and Niles are horrified when 
        they finally get a chance to see Jackson perform after all these years 
        - he's an untalented disaster.
With only seven days till opening night, and tickets selling fast, Frasier 
        and Niles despair over what to do - apparently, the stagehands now wear 
        earplugs during rehearsals. Frasier has an idea - he believes that having 
        worked on TV, he has lost the skill he once had when Frasier and Niles 
        saw them many years ago, so he has managed to get a copy of his one-man 
        show from some years ago and hopefully when Jackson watches it, he will 
        see how good he used to be. Unfortunately, the video just shows that Jackson 
        has been an awful actor for a long time, leaving Frasier and Niles no 
        choice but to close the show and fire the director. However, Jackson then 
        arrives and informs them he has fired the director, leaving Frasier and 
        Niles trying to do everything in their power to stop Jackson going on 
        in order to save their reputations.....

#S8E12

Frasier and Roz are in Cafe Nervosa, as Frasier prepares to do on a speed 
        date where he spends 8 minutes with 12 different women. He is waiting 
        for Niles who is bringing him a sweater so that he can decide whether 
        to wear a suit or the more casual sweater. The story then splits in to 
        two:

Frasier picks the suit: As Frasier leaves Cafe Nervosa, he meets Mike, a new employee at KACL and introduces him to Roz but then is knocked into by Monica who causes him to injure his arm, so Monica takes him to hospital. The two of them strike up a friendship and agree to go out with each other. Frasier starts to go overboard with presents and gifts, and come the Valentines ball, Monica feels that Frasier is suffocating her and wants to split up. He ends up driving home alone listening to a repeat of his show.

Frasier picks the sweater: Frasier decides on the suit, but at the last moment changes his mind and chooses the sweater. This allows Monica to bump into new KACL employee Mike, and the two of them strike up a friendship. Frasier then leaves for his speed date and has a nightmare of a time, so come the day of the Valentines ball, Frasier has no date. Luckily, Roz's new boyfriend has a sister so Frasier agrees to go - but wishes he hadn't when his date turns out to be one of the women he met at the speed date. Feeling dejected, he drives home alone listening to a repeat of his show.

#S8E13

Kenny arrives at Frasier's apartment in a bit of a state - apparently, 
        he got chatting to a woman called Janice he met in a bar the previous night 
        and before long, he had a date to see her that night. Frasier questions 
        his motives, but Kenny says he loves his wife, so Frasier volunteers to 
        go down to the restaurant and tell Janis Kenny won't be coming. Unbeknownst 
        to Frasier, Kenny's wife has heard the message Janice left on their answerphone 
        and gone down to confront her. Janice scarpers, leaving Frasier to believe 
        the woman sitting at the table Kenny booked is Janice - something which 
        Kenny's wife does nothing to deny. Frasier and 'Janice' get on well, so 
        well in fact that they agree to meet up again the next night.
Kenny arrives back at Frasier's later that night desperate to know how 
        things went with Janice. Frasier tells him everything was fine, and asks 
        if it's alright for him to see Janice as they got along so well. Kenny 
        is fine with it, but arrives back at Frasier's the next night just before 
        Janice is due to arrive for their date, worried that his wife is having 
        an affair. Just then, 'Janice' arrives forcing Frasier to rush Kenny into 
        his bedroom until the coast is clear. Frasier moves 'Janice' into the kitchen 
        so he can get Kenny out, but then Kenny shows Frasier a picture of his 
        wife and Frasier's situation becomes clear.......Meanwhile, Daphne's weight 
        problems balloons out of control, despite Niles helping her to lose weight, 
        so Daphne agress she should go to a spa for professional help in losing 
        weight.
#S8E14

As a way of saying thanks for some advice Frasier gave to a caller on 
        his show, a listener has given Frasier 4 tickets to the Sonics game that 
        night. He can't use them because he and Niles have a recital to go to 
        followed by dinner, but when he shows them to his father, Martin instantly 
        assumes Frasier is taking him to the Sonics game. Frasier begrudgingly 
        goes along with him, dragging Niles along too. While Martin is loving 
        every minute, Frasier and Niles play 'I Spy' to pass the time. They then 
        swap seats with Martin so they can sit together, but during half-time, 
        one lucky member of the audience is picked to attempt to shoot a basket 
        from the half-way line. To everyone's amazement, Niles is picked - leaving 
        Frasier and Martin worried as they both know the limitations of Niles' 
        sporting prowess. Astonishingly, Niles manages to make the shot and picked 
        up a pick-up truck as his reward.
Martin is ecstatic over this, and Niles is revelling in his new found 
        fame leaving Frasier a little jealous but becomes even more annoyed with 
        his brother when he starts giving people the impression that his success 
        was more than just luck. Frasier wants Niles to admit this but he refuses, 
        so when he is retelling his story down at McGinty's, Frasier challenges 
        his brother to repeat his success at the bar version of basketball - at 
        which he fails miserably......

#S8E15

Roz gets approval from Kenny to put together a documentary about space 
        exploration, leading Frasier to immediately angle for the role of narrator. 
        Roz agrees, but at the first producation meeting every idea that Frasier 
        has gets rejected by Roz, while the ideas of her production team are taken 
        on board without exception. This leads Frasier to get a bit resentful, 
        but it is Roz who gets angry when Frasier seems to be taking over control 
        of the show. Their subsequent argument causes Frasier to quit, but Frasier 
        is adamant Roz will come crawling back to him - but he is in for a shock 
        when Roz announces she has replaced Frasier with John Glen - a real-life 
        astronaut (and now a US Senator). 
Frasier is convinced that Roz is rejecting his ideas because of personal 
        reasons rather than them being bad ideas, so he manages to get John Glen 
        to suggest some of his ideas to Roz but make them look as if the astronuat 
        had thought of them. This he does - and Roz tells him they are good ideas, 
        leaving Frasier fuming and tells her they aren't John's ideas, they're 
        his, something Roz isn't too happy about........Meanwhile, Martin and 
        Niles make a kite just like they did in Niles' childhood but disaster 
        beckons when Niles tries to fly the kite himself. 
#S8E16

Frasier brings Niles some distressing Niles - their high school Bryce 
        Academy is on the verge of bankruptcy, and the fundraising commitee has 
        failed to raise enough to save it. Niles then suggests that their circle 
        of friends contains enough rich people who would be glad to contribute 
        to any worthy cause. So the Crane brothers organise an elegant soiree 
        at Frasier's apartment, but their hopes of raising money seem to disappear 
        when they realise almost all of their guests have money troubles themselves. 
        However, there may be a silver lining after all when Penelope Janvier, 
        who has her own charitable foundation, arrives. Frasier and Niles disappear 
        into the kitchen to get their pitch just right, but soon rush out again 
        when they see Penelope talking to their father, just in time to see Penelope 
        leaving. Frasier and Niles can't believe they've missed their chance, 
        but are even more taken back when Martin tells them that Penelope has 
        asked him out.
On the night of Martin's date, Frasier and Niles await his return hoping 
        he has kept her on side and not ruined their chance to ask her for money, 
        and are relieved when they hear Martin returning with a woman - but it's 
        not Penelope, it's Estelle - a waitress from a cafe Martin dropped into 
        after dropping off Penelope. Martin thinks he can juggle both women - 
        he's even programmed different ring tones into his mobile for both women. 
        Frasier and Niles are desperate for money, though, and so when Penelope 
        invites Martin to a cocktail party, Frasier manages to invite himself 
        and Niles.They just have to get their pitch right before Penelope's son 
        William finds out they are hawking for money and Penelope finds out about 
        Estelle.......

#S8E17

At the inauguration of Niles as the Wine Club's Corkmaster (for a second 
        year), Frasier arrives with his own news. He is resigning from the wine 
        club to host a 15 minute wine appreciation slot on KACL. He invites all 
        the members to call in and provoke some of the fascinating discussions 
        they have live on the radio. Gil Chesterton, whose show is losing 15 minutes 
        for Frasier's slot, is none too happy about it, and Frasier himself is 
        none too happy that his first show is such a disappointment. None of the 
        wine club members call in, and those that do seem to lack the intellectual 
        qualities Frasier seeks for a wine appreciation show. However, Frasier's 
        diappointment turns to anger when one of the wine club members tells him 
        that Niles has banned them from calling into his show, provoking Frasier 
        into going down to the club to try and convince Niles to change his mind 
        - but Niles is having none of it. Forced to spend Wednesday nights at 
        home with Martion, his father sees his son's depression and drags Frasier 
        down to the wine club to force his two sons to 'play nicely'......Meanwhile, 
        Martin grapples with his new German physiotherapist who cooks fabulously 
        but seems to be an ex-army drill sergeant.
#S8E18

Daphne finishes at her weight loss spa, and an ecstatic Niles is going 
        to pick her up, excited also about going way this weekend with Daphne 
        as they are going to consummate their relationship. On the way back to 
        her "Welcome Home" party at Frasier's apartment, Niles offers 
        his professional opinion of why she couldn't stop eating - it was a subsistute 
        for sex. Daphne, however, as part of her treatment has seen a professional 
        therapist - Gloria - who has a differing opinion. She believes that Daphne 
        ate to create distance between herself and Niles because she was afraid 
        of not being able to live up to the perfect woman Niles had been pining 
        for over the last seven years. Niles is dismissive of her 'opinions' but 
        doesn't want to ruin their reunion. Back at Frasier's, everyone is glad 
        to see Daphne but tension grows between Niles and Daphne when Niles starts 
        to make fun of Gloria and her theories about Daphne's overeating, causing 
        Daphne to throw Niles out.
Frasier goes to visit Niles at his office the following day to see how 
        he is and suggests that Gloria may have a point - Daphne does have to 
        live up to seven years of fantasy. Niles refutes this, so he and Frasier 
        take a trip over some of the most pertinent points in their relationship 
        - when they met, the night Niles and Daphne did the tango - which only 
        goes to show that Niles does treat Daphne as being perfect. Niles then 
        goes to see Daphne and decides to start being honest with her - starting 
        with his dislike of her cooking......

#S8E19

Frasier is seeing his mentor, Dr Tewkesbury, for some therapy about his 
        family but feels somewhat uncomfortable when he sees him in Cafe Nervosa. 
        Nevertheless he introduces her to Roz, and something must have clicked 
        because when Frasier goes round to Roz's apartment to do some work on 
        promos for their show, Frasier meets Dr Tewkesbury dressed in one of Roz's 
        robes after a rather passionate sex session. Frasier is rather perturbed 
        by this, so much so in fact that at their next session, Frasier can't 
        get the image of his mentor dressed in Roz's robe out of his mind, and 
        worries that he is losing the respect he has for Dr Tewkesbury. Frasier's 
        mentor confronts this head on at their next seesion by bringing the robe 
        with him, and suggests that because it is Roz's robe it is more to do 
        with Frasier's feelings for Roz that anything about him ..... Meanwhile, 
        Niles is somewhat unconvinced about Daphne's psychic ability so she calls 
        in a psychic evaluator, Dr Morey, to test her out.

#S8E20

Frasier and Niles are in an electronics store buying a DVD player, when 
        Frasier takes a fancy to a lady in line but Niles manages to ruin his 
        attempts at chatting her up. Just then, Frasier's high school prom queen 
        Lana Gardner walks into the store and it turns out that the lady Frasier 
        had his eye on is a friend of Lana's and is called Claire. Lana then spies 
        Frasier and Niles and introduces them both to Claire, but the awkwardness 
        of their meeting causes Frasier to rush off closely followed by Claire 
        who wants Frasier to bring Lana to her surprise birthday party. Frasier 
        is a little hesitant, bearing in mind the failed attempt at a relationship 
        he had with Lana last year, but Claire convinces him. 
As Frasier drives Lana to her party, she tells Frasier that her ex-husband 
        is getting married the next day to his young secretary and the last thing 
        she wants is to be around other people. Frasier then has to spill the 
        secret birthday plans to get her to go, but once there Frasier then spends 
        the evening wooing Claire but Lana keeps trying to push her towards a 
        man named Neil. At the end of the party, Lana is lamenting her life and 
        Frasier joins in by complaining he has missed out on his chance with Claire. 
        Lana, though, has a proposal - tutor her son Kirby in American history 
        and she'll arrange a date for Frasier with Claire.
Frasier begins keeping up his end of the bargain by tutoring Kirby, but 
        finds it hard going as he seems disinterested. Learning that he broke 
        up with his girlfriend, Frasier offers Kirby the chance to take Roz to 
        the prom in return for studying hard - which he agrees to. Meanwhile, 
        progress is slow for Frasier on the Claire front as Lana is waiting for 
        just the right time to fix her and Frasier up - so when Claire meets Frasier 
        by chance at Cafe Nervosa, he finds it hard to resist saying no to her 
        offer of going to dinner with her. Things come to a head when Kirby and 
        his prom friends come to the same restaurant as Frasier and Claire are 
        dining at - especially when Lana arrives.....
#S8E21

Frasier goes to help out Lana but gets sucked into helping her sell a 
        house she has been trying to offload for over a year. Frasier soon discovers 
        why - the owner is still depressed about his wife leaving him for another 
        man and manages to scare off every potential buyer. Lana's plan is for 
        Frasier to seem interested in buying the house to to try an get a quick 
        sale, but Frasier wants no part in it. Her plan is soon scuppered when 
        she manages to break a wooden house made by one of the owner's children. 
        Distraught at the effect this may have on the owner, Frasier rushes off 
        to buy some lollies so that they can make another one. 
Daphne takes Eddie for a walk down to the dog park, with Niles in tow. 
        He seems a little jealous at Daphne's friendship with a hunky fellow dog 
        owner, Jim, and so wants Daphne to agree to one 'irrational demand' each 
        in the whole of their relationship. Daphne agrees, with Niles coming up 
        with his instantly: he doesn't want Daphne coming to the dog park anymore. 
        His demand seems a bit pointless though - Jim is leaving for Chile and 
        not coming back..... Meanwhile, Martin attends his shooter's parole hearing.
#S8E22

Frasier is planning a romantic break to Belize with Claire, and is discussing 
        it with Niles. Daphne overhears them talking about the break to Belize 
        and believes Niles is planning to take her there. When Claire arrives, 
        Daphne tells her about Niles's 'plans', adding that she's glad they didn't 
        rush into going away together. This has the effect of making Claire question 
        whether to accept Frasier's proposal of a trip away to Belize. Niles meanwhile 
        is shocked when Daphne announces that he is taking her to Belize, leaving 
        Niles to beg Frasier for his tickets. Claire however, changes her mind 
        when Daphne says it is romantic to be surprised with a trip away. So with 
        Frasier, Claire, Niles and Daphne now off to Belize, Martin surprises 
        everyone by announcing he is going fishing with Duke - in Belize! 
Lana drives Frasier to the airport but she hits another car, meaning 
        Frasier misses his flight. This is only the start of a run of bad luck 
        - his ears get blocked up on the plane, he gets a bad room at the hotel, 
        and he has to wait ages for a seafront table at the restaurant. All of 
        this is putting Frasier in a very bad mood, but he is looking forward 
        to a nice evening with Claire. However, he is troubles by a dream he has 
        involving Lana not Claire, and phones his ex-wife Lilith for advice....

#S8E23

#S8E24

#S9E1

Picking up where we left off at the end of Season 8, we discover the 
        whole gang still in Belize with Niles now transformed into 'Island Niles' 
        complete with laidback attitude and a beard. Martin and Niles are getting 
        along well with Claire, but Daphne seems a bit stand offish about her. 
        Frasier, on the other hand, is still torn between Claire and Lana, and 
        starts everyone for their opinion including his father, Daphne and the 
        guy who cleans the aeroplane they come back on. Finally back in Seattle, 
        Frasier makes a choice - Claire, but upon meeting Lana again, his decision 
        is sorely tested. A chance meeting with a man he meets at the lost luggage 
        collection point seems to offer the chance for closure as Frasier is recognised 
        and is asked for some advice: the man is torn between his current girlfriend 
        and his ex. After some probing by Frasier, the man decides to try and 
        make a go of it with his ex wife which prompts Frasier to do the same 
        - and dumps Claire (who responds by kicking Frasier!). This leaves the 
        rest of the family aghast as they had all liked her, even Daphne who changed 
        her mind about Claire after she said she wanted Daphne to be like a sister.
Roz and Frasier then attend Kirby's graduation party, with Frasier having 
        high hopes of winning Lana back. However, Frasier's advice comes back 
        to haunt him when Kirby's dad (and Lana's ex husband) shows up at the 
        party - it's the man from the luggage office who has decided to go back 
        to Lana! Lana doesn't want anything to do with him, but Kirby persuades 
        Frasier to ask his mother to give Bob another chance, which he reluctantly 
        agrees to. Returning home, an argument between he and his father ends 
        with Martin accusing him of never being able to make it work with a woman. 
        Somewhat aggrieved at this, Frasier decides he needs some time to himself 
        and so decides to drive to a cabin in the woods. 
The trip turns into a rather memorable one as Frasier's sub-conscious 
        kicks in and is joined in the car by Lilith, Diane Chambers and his first 
        wife Nanette to try and help Frasier undertsand why he has such trouble 
        holding down a relationship with a woman. Once at the cabin, Frasier's 
        mother, Hester Crane, also joins them to try and resolve the problem, 
        as does every woman Frasier's ever dated. Can they get to the root of 
        Frasier's problem......?

#S9E2

When Niles asks Daphne to retrieve a recipe from his briefcase, she accidentally 
        takes out the wrong folder and on reading it finds it to be the session 
        notes of one of Niles' patients. Daphne asks who Heather Murphy is, and 
        if it's true that she has a crush on Niles, with Niles replying that it's 
        quite common for patients to think they're falling in love with their 
        therapists, called transferenece, but it's really just a superficial reaction 
        to a deeper problem. He also refuses to talk any more about it as it would 
        break client confidentiality. Daphne is still a bit worried, and so asks 
        Frasier about transference who admits he suffered from the problem at 
        times and it's sometimes hard to resist - after all therapists are only 
        human! Roz is sitting at he same table as Daphne and Frasier, and immediately 
        guesses one of Niles' patients is in love with him, and says that if someone 
        else was interested in her guy she'd want to know everything about him. 
        That night, when Niles is called away by Heather on short notice, Daphne 
        gives in to temptation and reads all of Niles' file on her.
After finding out where she works, Roz and Daphne head over to her place 
        of work, with Roz managing to bluster her way into Heather's office so 
        they can have a snoop around, but Heather returns unexpectedly causing 
        both of them to flee. Daphne then has to tell Niles all that she did....... 
        Meanwhile, Martin has brought an unwelcome guest back from his hunting 
        trip with Duke - a cricket, and it's constant chirping is driving Frasier 
        nuts. Frasier fails in his attempts to catch it, so Martin asks the vet 
        who suggests using a lizard to catch the cricket. That night. Frasier 
        and Martin sit in the kitchen with a gecko harnessed by some dental floss, 
        and await the catching of the cricket.....
#S9E3

At the radio station, Frasier takes delivery of a cake he ordered for 
        the celebration he is throwing that night to celebrate Martin's return 
        to work, but is appalled to find it only says 'Congrats' so he sends it 
        back and persuades Roz to pick up the re-done one. Back at Frasier's apartment, 
        Niles and Daphne surprise each other with tickets to shows: Niles managed 
        to get hold of two tickets to Billy Joel, while Daphne secured two tickets 
        to the Mongolia throat singing festival! The only problem is that both 
        shows are on the same night - tonight. Niles and Daphne decide to see 
        Billy Joel, and offer Frasier the tickets to the throat singing festival. 
        He, of course, jumps at the chance, but then Martin reminds everyone that 
        they all agreed they would be supportive if he went back to work - which 
        means someone has to walk Eddie at 10pm. This leads to some heated discussions 
        between Niles, Frasier and Daphne over who would do it, but the thought 
        of going back to work brings back memories to Martin of his last day at 
        work on the police force which lead to him getting shot during a hold-up 
        at a convenience store.

#S9E4

Frasier joins Niles at Cafe Nervosa with some distressing news - someone 
        has scrawled a limerick on the mens room wall that makes Frasier out to 
        be a snob. Niles tells him not to get himself worked up over it, but Frasier 
        is determined to do something about it. Roz then joins them, and announces 
        that her new beau, Roger, is a garbage man and lets them get their jokes 
        in first. Back at KACL, Frasier discovers additions to the limerick and 
        decides to throw a party for the KACL staff to try and get them to like 
        him, and invites Roz to bring Roger although she seems a little hesitant 
        to do so. As the party gets into full swing, Frasier realises he doesn't 
        know the names of half of the guests so is relieved when Kenny turns up 
        and agrees to help him make conversation with his guests. Roz does bring 
        Roger but every time the subject of his job is brought up, she manages 
        to avoid telling people what Roger does for a living which causes him 
        to leave.
The result of Frasier throwing the party comes home to Frasier when he 
        has to exchange fake pleasantries with half of the staff, whom he has 
        little in common with and wishes to go back to being unapproachable. He 
        finally speaks his mind when a group of staff invite him to watch a boxing 
        fight, which sees Frasier being thought of again as elitist. After Roz 
        and Roger break up, Roz feels a little depressed over it becuase she realised 
        that she was a bit of a snob worrying about what people thought of Roger's 
        job, but a conversation with Alice manages to make her reconsider her 
        decision not to see Roger any more..... Mreanwhile, Niles, Daphne and 
        Martin go through a box of stuff from Niles' childhood.

#S9E5

Frasier is throwing a Halloween party with a difference - everyone has 
        to come dressed as their hero. Frasier, of course, has selected Sigmund 
        Freud - even if Daphne struggles to work out who it is, but the party 
        doesn't get off to the best of starts when almost everyone invited phones 
        in sick. That leaves just Roz, Daphne, Niles and Martin - Martin comes 
        dressed as Joe Di Maggio, while Daphne, in a vision of colour, dresses 
        as Elton John. Roz, it seems thought Frasier meant superhero, and comes 
        as Wonder Woman! Niles, on the other hand, comes dressed as his father 
        complete with grey hair, a cane and a dog! The party gets going when Frasier 
        asks everyone, as their hero, to tell everyone their most important relationship. 
        'Joe' picks Marilyn Monroe, Wonder Woman picks her alter-ego Diane Prince, 
        while 'Martin' selects Hester Palmer who would become Frasier and Niles' 
        mother. Frasier feels somewhat put out by what he sees as Niles' blatant 
        attempt at sucking up to his father, and after everyone seemingly abandons 
        Frasier's party game, storms out in a huff.
Frasier is consoled somewhat by a boy who has his trick-or treat candy 
        stolen by his brother, but forgives him, and returns to the party. Everyone 
        wants to play Frasier's game again, and the question this time is what 
        is your hero's biggest disappointment. Niles, as Martin, launches into 
        a speech that has been fuelled by the copious amounts of alcohol he has 
        consumed and paints Martin's biggest disappointment as the fact that he 
        never got to see his sons grow up to be baseball players, and by association 
        Frasier and Niles as his biggest disappointments. Martin stops him, furious 
        for putting words in his mouth and storms off. Can Niles make amends with 
        his father.....?
#S9E6

Martin mentions to Frasier at breakfast that that day marks the eight 
        anniversary of he moving in with Frasier, which leaves Frasier a little 
        disheartened. He mentions this to Niles at Cafe Nervosa, adding that he 
        is disheartened by the fact that the whole long time relationship he is 
        going to have is with his father. Martin's complaints about the same things 
        time and time again ( flavoured coffee, etc) just add to Frasier's attitude 
        of annoyance towards his father. Things come to a head that evening when 
        Frasier sits down to watch a TV programme, and is joined by Martin who 
        - thanks to some noisy food and his squeaky La-Z-Boy - makes Frasier even 
        more angry.Frasier storms out, so Martin decides to oil his chair but 
        accidentally steps on the bottle and squirts oil all over Frasier's carpet! 
      
Frasier returns home to see oil all over his precious carpet, and vents 
        his anger at Martin, proclaiming there are no accidents but that this 
        was Martin's way of getting back at him. Martin is so annoyed at Frasier 
        for not believing that it was an accident that he squirts oil all over 
        Frasier!! All this leads to some high tension in the apartment, and Frasier 
        having to replace his carpet. Having moved Martin's chair on to the balcony 
        to take the carpet up, Frasier fails to notice the telescope reflecting 
        the sun's rays on to Martin's chair, setting it on fire, until it is too 
        late. When he does, Frasier manages to accidentally move it and it falls 
        off the balcony and smashes on to the pavement below - just as Martin 
        walks by! Now it's Martin's turn to be angry at Frasier, accusing him 
        of always having it in for his chair, but Frasier can only apologise and 
        say it was an accident. Finally, Martin decides to buy a new chair, but 
        Frasier goes one better and gets a restorer to build Martin's chair from 
        some old photographs together with the same fabric it originally had that 
        Frasier has had specially weaved ..... Meanwhile, Niles attempts to teach 
        Roz and Daphne to play the piano but soon realises people learns at different 
        speeds.
#S9E7

It's a momentous day in Frasier's career - he's celebrating his 2000th 
        show on KACL! Frasier is excited to have perhaps Seattle's most celebrated 
        person, Bill Gates, on the show (especially as it appears that Bill is 
        a fan of Frasier's show), but is also surprised when Bob "Bulldog" 
        Briscoe also drops in! When Bill finally arrives, the station is bombarded 
        with calls for Bill about Microsoft and it's software - leaving Frasier's 
        nose a little out of joint. Never mind - he takes his tape of the 2000th 
        show and places it with the other 1,999 tapes of his show in his wardrobe-cum-storage 
        unit. As he leaves for dinner with the rest of his family, he notices 
        out of the corner of his eye that one of the tapes has been placed in 
        upside down, which leads to Frasier dicovering that one of his show tapes 
        has been replaced with a tape of Hall And Oates! Daphne owns up that she 
        used the tape to test out her new boombox, but the tape got jammed in 
        the machine.
All of this leads to Frasier appealing on his show for anyone who has 
        a copy of the show from 6 years ago, which doesn't generate any responses. 
        So he and Roz go down to the KACL archive to try and see if there is a 
        copy there. They find a box marked 'Best of Crane', but there are are 
        only a few tapes in there - Kenny tells them they have a space problem 
        and re-use a lot of the tapes. They also discover Bulldog, who tells them 
        that sorting out the archive is his new job. This all leaves Frasier feeling 
        very depressed, until Martin tells him that a dedicated fan rang the station 
        and told them he has a copy of the show. Frasier and Niles prepare to 
        meet Tom, a man who treats Frasier as a God.....
#S9E8

Frasier is holding interviews for a summer internship at KACL. His current 
        favourite is Lucius, who is both academically bright and plays the shamisen 
        ( a Japanese type guitar plucked with a spatula!), but then Kirby (who 
        we last saw in 'Don Juan In Hell') turns up with 
        the intention of applying for the internship - something Roz is not too 
        keen on. The station manager, Kenny, seems to like him but Frasier tells 
        Kirby that he hasn't got the job, leaving Kirby to thank Frasier for doing 
        his best to get him the job. This leaves Frasier somewhat troubled, as 
        he really didn't do all he could, so when Daphne suggests that Niles hire 
        someone to help organise his library, Frasier puts Kirby's name forward 
        without a hint of irony - it transpires that Niles has bought a case of 
        rare wine and has reneged on the brother's oral agreement to share any 
        rare wine purchases. This leaves Niles shell shocked when he discovers 
        Kirby reading books while eating and drinking in his library! Niles decides 
        to fire Kirby, but then Kirby's girlfriend calls and Niles realises that 
        she is the granddaughter of a wine collector whose wine cellar is legendary, 
        and asks whether Kirby can arrange a visit around it for him. Kirby says 
        he could if he was in employment (!), so Niles rehires him and Kirby goes 
        off to make the call to Grampy Mulville. Frasier chooses that moment to 
        drop round and is astonished to find Niles arranging a trip to the wine 
        cellar behind his back - unfortunately Kirby returns to inform Niles that 
        he can only take one person down to the cellar. This sparks a spat between 
        Frasier and Niles, but Kirby overhears their insults aimed at him and 
        storms out. 
The following days see Frasier and Niles trying to apologise to Kirby, 
        and thereby hope to persuade him to choose one of them over the other 
        for the trip down to the wine cellar but things come to a head when the 
        two of them take Kirby out to dinner and Kirby casually thanks Niles for 
        the DVD player he sent over. This then starts a bidding war between Niles 
        and Frasier with both offering increasing amounts of money before Niles 
        offers a trip to Las Vegas, which prompts Frasier to offer the internship 
        to Kirby. He accepts right away, but Frasier realises almost immediately 
        what he has done and begins to regret it..... Also, Martin's doctor has 
        found his blood pressure too high and put him on a low-fat, low salt diet 
        and instructed him to wear a blood pressure monitor which goes off at 
        random intervals - usually when Martin is angry about something!

#S9E9

There's a new radio psychiatrist on the air at another station - and 
        he's beating Frasier in the ratings with his blend of a more explicit 
        way of dealing with caller's problems. Frasier dismisses his competition, 
        but Kenny rebuffs his request for more advertising saying it'd be pouring 
        money down a drain. Frasier believes, however, that once his agent Bebe 
        Glazer is on the case, his show'll be back on top in no time - and is 
        spurred on by the fact that his rival is now advertising in the local 
        paper. His visit begins well but Bebe says that she won't be handling 
        Frasier herself personally anymore, she will be handing over the reins 
        to her fully fledged junior agent - her assistant, Portia. Frasier is 
        shocked and appalled, saying that he has never doubted Bebe's committment 
        to his career but that this move means that Frasier decides to leave Bebe's 
        agency!
Portia, on the other hand, does not give up so easily - she hounds Frasier 
        incessantly trying to get him to listen to her ideas. Frasier, though, 
        wants nothing to do with her and decides to become his own agent. He starts 
        by schmoozing up to Kenny by inviting him down to his exclusive health 
        spa in a bid to get him to advertise his show more. Kenny goes to the 
        spa with Frasier, but when they are changing in the locker room, Portia 
        comes in and finally gets Frasier (and Kenny) to listen to her ideas. 
        Both Frasier and Kenny are amazed by her chutzpah, and Frasier finally 
        relents and lets Portia be his new agent..... Meanwhile, Martin is trying 
        to get Niles to write him a prescription for his cholesterol pills so 
        he doesn't have to have a medical with his doctor.

#S9E10

Frasier goes to visit his father with a pizza at his new place of work 
        - as a night security guard in an office block. He also meets Martin's 
        new boss, Richie- and soon wishes he hadn't. The man is a bully, berating 
        Martin for the smallest things. This leaves Frasier aghast, but when he 
        confronts his father, Martin just says that his boss, Richie, is a bully 
        and that he should just accept it and try and work with him. Frasier however, 
        thinks differently, and decides to meet the son of Martin's boss - who 
        is also the head of the security company - to try and work things out.
This seemingly has the opposite effect, as Richie is now angry that someone 
        spoke to his son about him, and suspects that it was Martin. This manifests 
        itself by Richie giving Martin all the graveyard slots, so Frasier and 
        Niles head down to the office block and to speak to Richie themselves 
        but hide in a cupboard when Martin arrives. Unknown to them, Richie and 
        Martin can see Frasier and Niles on the security cameras and decide to 
        make their stay as long as possible..... Meanwhile, Roz just can't stop 
        going on about the love in her life Roger.

#S9E11

Frasier's upstairs neighbour, Cam Winston, decides to park his huge jeep 
        next to Frasier's car preventing him from getting out, something that 
        leaves him feeling rather acrimonious towards him. On the other hand, 
        Niles and Daphne have decided that he should keep some of his things at 
        Frasier's but when she sees Niles trolley load of personal belongings, 
        Daphne has a change of heart. Instead, Niles asks Daphne if he wants to 
        move in to his apartment - and she agrees! Their joyous mood is somewhat 
        dampened when Daphne postpones the move because her parents are coming 
        to visit - but because her mother is somewhat old-fashioned, she doesn't 
        think she should stay with Niles. However, Niles get stuck with putting 
        up Daphne's parents while Daphne stays at Frasier's. Frasier, on the other 
        hand, takes his grievance with Cam's vehicle to the condo board, and gives 
        the speech of his life which convinces the board that Cam now has to park 
        his vehicle in the sub-basement.
Daphne's parents arrive - well, at least her mother does accompanied 
        by her beer-swilling layabout for a son, Simon. The next few days see 
        Daphne's mother take every opportunity to put her daughter down, Simon 
        staying with Frasier - much to Frasier's chagrin, and also see Niles finding 
        out that Daphne's mother still thinks Daphne's a virgin! When Niles asks 
        Daphne if this would make it difficult to explain the fact that she is 
        moving in with Niles, Daphne wonders whether it is necessary to tell her 
        mother anything as she'll be going back to England soon. Things come to 
        a head a few days later when everyone learns that Daphne's father has 
        left her mother to be with someone else, and that she hoped this trip 
        will cheer her up. This prompts Frasier into a speech where he extols 
        the virtue of the rest of the USA in the hope she and Simon will leave 
        to see it - which ends with a huge USA flag being dropped from the apartment 
        above over Frasier's entire apartment window. It seems Frasier's war with 
        Cam Winston is not quite yet over.....

#S9E12

After Cam Winston dropped a huge American flag over Frasier's entire 
        apartment window, Frasier takes his grievance to the condo board meeting. 
        His father has warned him that he has to be careful, because he could 
        be seen as disrespectful towards the flag. So Frasier launches into a 
        carefully worded speech that defends the importance of the flag but also 
        suggests that it be placed in a more suitable position. The condo board 
        - and most of the audience - disagree, with Cam starting a rendition of 
        the National Anthem to demonstrate his point. Frasier speaks to Cam privately 
        and asks what he wants, Cam replies he wants to be able to park his vehicle 
        where he used to to which Frasier agrees. 
Frasier is also sick of Simon and decides to thrown him out, but when 
        he sneaks back that evening he tells Daphne that he is leaving to meet 
        some of his mates in California. Daphne then goes to see Niles, who is 
        just loving having Daphne's mom stay with him (!), and when she finds 
        out that Simon has deserted her, she fakes an injury to force Niles to 
        let her stay and Daphne to look after her. This in turn prompts Daphne 
        to stand up to her mother, and finally shatters her mother's illusion 
        about her daughter being a virgin when she reels off her list of men she's 
        slept with - including Niles!

#S9E13

Kenny hands Frasier some research the station has had commissioned into 
        each show, which finds that Frasier's average listener is an elderly gentlemen 
        that finds comfort in his radio. Frasier brushes off the research, but 
        Kenny wants him to improve his demographic with the younger listeners 
        by appearing on KACL's show for teenagers - 'Teen Scene'. Frasier is somewhat 
        reluctant having had a bad experience once before, but when he meets one 
        of the presenters (and a big fan of his show) Emily, he changes his mind. 
      
Just before he is due to go on, Frasier and Emily are talking when Kirby 
        (interning at the station) come by. It transipres they went to the same 
        school together, but each despises the other. Unpeterburbed by this, the 
        show begins but if Frasier thinks he is in for an easy ride, he is sadly 
        mistaken. Instead, the three presenters use it as a platform to dredge 
        up all the bad things that have happened in Frasier's life (such as his 
        attempted suicide) and force Frasier to explain his actions on air. Luckily, 
        Kirby is listening to all this and provides Frasier in a break with a 
        plethora of information about the presenters background, including who 
        has been cheating on whom.....Also, Niles turns to Roz for advice when 
        he wants to show his love for Daphne in a more exciting way.
#S9E14

Niles is planning the perfect evening to ask Daphne to marry him, beginning 
        with choosing the ring in a jewellers but the infighting between the brothers 
        leads the assistant to think that the brothers are in fact a 'couple' 
        planning to marry. Then Roz helps Niles to write his proposal speech, 
        after that comes choosing the perfect wine, that takes the form of a tasting 
        session at Frasier's apartment. Niles has an ulterior motive - he wants 
        to get his father drunk enough so that he will agree to take Daphne's 
        mother out on his proposal night. Thankfully, Martin agrees but also reveals 
        a family secret - Frasier's mother was pregnant with him when she got 
        married!
Martin's date with Daphne's mother is a disaster as she comes on far 
        too strongly forcing Martin to say he just asked her out as a friend, 
        and then (unbeknownst to Martin) the female security guard he was interested 
        in overhears Martin say that he has no feeling in his groin area - which 
        he only said to get Daphn'e mother off her back. Finally the night arrives 
        with famous chef Wolfgang Puck preparing dinner, and all his guests hiding, 
        but sadly for Niles disaster strikes - Daphne has the flu! Frasier tries 
        to get all the guests out without Daphne seeing them, but Niles decides 
        to ask Daphne to marry him anyway - to which she agrees!

#S9E15

Roz gives Frasier a message she got while his show was on - it's from 
        a Blaine Sternin. Frasier is instantly shocked and tells Roz to phone 
        him back and tell him he's dead! We then learn that Blaine is Lilith's 
        half-brother, and has a reputation for conning people (Frasier, in particular) 
        out of their money, with Frasier particularly angry about Blaine stealing 
        a treasured trinket of his. When Frasier arrives home, he is informed 
        that Blaine has phoned to announce her is in Seattle and is coming to 
        visit - much to Frasier's annoyance - and there is also a package: the 
        trinket that was stolen by Blaine. Enclosed is also a note that proclaims 
        he is a changed man, something which Frasier refuses to believe. A knock 
        at the door follows - it's Blaine, who is now in a wheelchair thanks to 
        an accident. This prompts the rest of Frasier's family to start to believe 
        that he has changed, especially when he announces that he is now a preacher.
Later on that evening, Frasier talks to Blaine alone and asks him what 
        he wants: Blaine replies he wants Frasier to forgive him. Frasier reluctantly 
        agrees, on the condition that he never set foot inside his home ever again 
        - but then Daphne invites him to stay for dinner, during which Blaine 
        reveals that he is holding a preaching session the next day and invites 
        everyone to come and see him in action, to finally show that he is a changed 
        man. Frasier is still unconvinced, and so tries to get hold of the doctor 
        who treated Blaine after his accident before he goes to see Blaine preach 
        but is only able to leave messages for him. While watching Blaine preach, 
        and seeing everyone fall under his spell, Frasier decides enough is enough 
        and goes up on stage to denounce Blaine as a co-merchant before pushing 
        him out of his wheelchair, just as the doctor who treated Blaine calls 
        back. Frasier, having been proved wrong, forgives Blaine and gives him 
        back the trinket he once stole from him as a goodwill gesture. However, 
        Frasier is about to learn that Blaine's con-merchant days are not quite 
        behind him......
#S9E16

Frasier is going to the symphony alone again, leading Roz, Niles, Daphne 
        and Martin to take pity on him. Daphne suggests setting him up on a blind 
        date but everyone has their own idea of the perfect woman for Frasier. 
        Daphne goes through all the names in her little black book, but comes 
        up blank but Niles knows someone who he thinks would be perfect - a bookshop 
        owner with a lot of the same interests as Frasier. Niles is hesitant as 
        she is a former patient, but Daphne says jsut let them meet naturally 
        by taking Frasier to the bookshop. He agrees, but every attempt to get 
        Frasier to talk to the woman in question is thwarted by something. Eventually, 
        Niles flees with Frasier after he demands to see the manager after Frasier 
        questions their book discount scheme. So Blind date 1 was a failure.
Roz is the next to try by bringing over a friend of hers. Susanna, who 
        is an artist. Roz has a tendency to oversell Susanna, but she and Frasier 
        seem to be getting along well at first with Frasier especially interested 
        in her artwork. But when Frasier suggests her work is inspired by another 
        artist, Susanna jumps on the defensive until Frasier shows her one of 
        his latest pieces leading Susanna to accuse him of ripping her work off. 
        Frasier says that since Susanna's work is displayed in a bowling alley, 
        it's impossible but Susanna is so angry she storms out! So Blind date 
        number 2 bites the dust.
Finally Martin sets Frasier up with a trendy young girl from his office, 
        Kris, who takes him to her local bar before they go to dinner. Frasier 
        is happy to be dating such a pretty woman, but the impression she gets 
        from all her friends in the bar is that she knows the men a little too 
        well. Kris then proceeds to play pool with her friends, leaving Frasier 
        a bit put out. Eventually, Kris asks Frasier to get some change from the 
        dry cleaners and it seems that the hand of fate is about to intervene......

#S9E17

Frasier is preparing Frederick for his appearance in the National Spelling 
        Bee Championships, which includes a mock contest with Martin and Eddie. 
        This includes learning about Niles' experience at the Spelling Bee championships 
        when he choked on the last word - something that Niles hasn't talked about 
        since. At the Bee itself, Frederick makes it through to the last three 
        which soon becomes a two hander between Frederick and a previous winner, 
        Warren Clayton. Finally,. Warren spells a word wrong and with Frederick 
        spelling his word right, Frederick is the winner!
Later that day, back in Frasier's apartment, everyone is waiting for 
        the ESPN programme to come on that features an interview with Frederick 
        when Dr Bernard Gaston, who is in charge of the Spelling Bee, arrives 
        at the apartment with some bad news - Frederick has been accused of cheating 
        because Frasier was saying the letters along with Frederick. This leaves 
        everyone shell-shocked, but Dr Gaston says the board has awarded the title 
        to Warren Clayton, but he is still invited to the competitors dinner that 
        night. At first Frederick doesn't want to go, but a talk with Niles about 
        his experience changes his mind. At the dinner, everyone ignores Frederick 
        but the Clayton's calling Frasier and Frederick cheaters sparks off a 
        spelling brawl in the streets for the trophy......
#S9E18

We begin with a flashback of a young Frasier and Niles taking a skull 
        from a classroom for their backyard production of 'Hamlet', before cutting 
        to the present day where we see Niles and Daphne in Cafe Nervosa joined 
        by Frasier. He tells Niles that their childhood home is on the market 
        which starts them thinking that they could buy it and turn it into a B 
        &amp; B. They take Martin along to take a look it, who is still aggrieved 
        at not having his security deposit returned 20 years ago, which starts 
        them all recalling memories from when they lived there. Frasier and Niles 
        discover the house is too small for a B &amp; B, but then remember they 
        buried a box of mementoes beneath the floorboards. The landlord refuses 
        to let them prise them up, forcing Frasier and Niles to return during 
        the dead of night. They prise up the floorboard, reach into the ground 
        and pull out .... a skull !!
This sets Frasier and Niles' imagination running wild as they start to 
        remember that the landlords wife disappeared around the time they were 
        asked to move out. They explore the possibility that the landlord murdered 
        his wife to get her inheritance after they discover financial documents 
        in the garage. Once they have thought it all through, they call the police 
        but after they have arrested the landlord they find their box of childhood 
        mementoes - and the programme for their backyard production of 'Hamlet'.......

#S9E19

Frasier's war with Cam Winston has reignited after a leak in Frasier's 
        apartment has been traced to Cam's washer dryer, leading Frasier to bribe 
        the building's handyman to cut off Cam's water supply. Cam then comes 
        down to complain and sees Eddie rather unwell - he suggests that his mother, 
        a vet and who is staying with him, could have a look at him. Everyone 
        gets along well with Cam's mother, except Frasier who sees it as consorting 
        with the enemy. Cam is none too pleased either at his mother talking to 
        someone from Frasier's apartment. Martin and Cam's mother decide the time 
        has come for Frasier and Cam to reconcile, so they decide to pretend they 
        are a couple. This causes Frasier and Cam to come to some agreement (via 
        a treaty, of course).....Also, Niles is conducting an experiment with 
        a new contraption - the Segway- while Daphne wants a washer/dryer in the 
        apartment. 

#S9E20

Frasier ends his show with a story of a bed wetter who he shared a bunk 
        bed with - it's not hard for people to guess that the person he was talking 
        about was Niles. In fact so many people have realised, that Niles refuses 
        to introduce Frasier's speech in Boston. However, when Frasier, Niles, 
        Daphne and Martin arrive at the airport in Boston, Frasier spies Cliff 
        Clavin at an airport bar. He is surprised to see them, but then says he 
        is pleased Frasier has decided to come to his retirement party. Frasier 
        knows nothing of it, but says that he has - and brought his family too. 
        Niles is dumbfounded - he had to pull a lot of strings to get everyone 
        in to one of Boston's hottest restaurants, but Frasier drags everyone 
        along to the party. There he is reunited with Carla and Norm among others 
        as they all celebrate Cliff's retirement and his moving to Florida (something 
        Carla is relishing!). Martin gets along like a house on fire with Norm, 
        while Daphne is enthralled with Cliff's crackpot ideas about dolphin alphabets 
        and the like. Niles, on the other hand, can't wait to get out of the party 
        but changes his mind when Carla starts bringing up all the stories about 
        Frasier being humiliated during his time at 'Cheers'. 
Everything seems to be going well until Cliff tells Frasier that he is 
        angry becuase not one person has begged him to stay since he told everyone 
        he was leaving, unlike when Frasier announced he was moving to Seattle. 
        Frasier agrees to talk to everyone while Cliff takes a walk round the 
        block, and manages to convince everyone to say that they will all miss 
        Cliff when he comes back. All seems to be going well, until it is Carla's 
        turn and she can't quite say the words 'I'll miss you' and instead launches 
        into a tirade about how she can't stand him and won't miss him. Cliff 
        is taken aback but then announces he is cancelling his move because you 
        only say somnething like that if Carla really will miss him!
#S9E21

Frasier's show has been picked up by a station in Spokane and excitedly 
        announces that he and Roz have been invited there by the station to do 
        their first show from Spokane. Once off air, he aslso learns from Roz 
        that she and Roger have broken up - Frasier wants to help, but Roz says 
        she is OK about it. Once in Spokane, Frasier appears at a press conference 
        to introduce himself and Roz to the local media (accompanied by some free 
        liquer!). Here, Frasier learns that he is replacing a local institution 
        Neil Sullivan (known as Sully locally) and gets the impression that the 
        locals aren't that impressed with him, but when Sully makes an impromptu 
        appearance he receives a hero's welcome from the local press. 
Things don't go too smoothly during Frasier's show either - every caller 
        wants him to go back to Seattle, with some deciding to boycott the station 
        until Sully comes back on the air. Frasier is determined to show the local 
        audience his brand of therapy can help, and so convinces Roz to call in 
        with a problem which soon develops into helping Roz get over Roger and 
        seems to impress the Spokane audience. Meanwhile, Martin, Niles and Daphne 
        work together to try and build a TV table - or at least until Daphne's 
        bossiness takes over.
#S9E22

It's Daphne's birthday which culminates in everyone giving Daphne her 
        presents - Frasier and Martin buy her a journal, while Niles surprises 
        her with a trip to Hawaii for just the two of them. Daphne's mother, though, 
        is still driving everyone to distraction with her constant moaning leading 
        to Daphne wanting to change her birthday wish! After the party, Roz doesn't 
        really want to go home as she'll be all by herself as Alice is at her 
        grandma's, leading to Frasier and Roz spending the evening just shooting 
        the breeze. However, both of them get a a shock the next morning as they 
        realise they just slept together!
Frasier tries to get Roz to talk about what happened, but she just wants 
        to leave as quickly as possible. Niles, though, after listening to Daphne 
        feeling a bit sad about the fact that her father won't be able to give 
        her away at her wedding, has a brainwave - he asks Daphne to take her 
        mother to Hawaii to try and cheer her up. There is a method to his madness 
        - he is planning to fly to England and try and convince Daphne's father 
        to come to Seattle and reconcile with Daphne's mother. Frasier, on the 
        other hand, is worried that Roz's refusal to discuss what happened between 
        them will endanger their relationship so on hearing that Roz has gone 
        to visit her parents in Wisconsin, he decides to fly there and see her. 
        So Martin drops Daphne and her mother off at the airport, followed by 
        Niles, then Frasier. Will Frasier be able to sort everything out with 
        Roz, and will Niles convince Mr Moon to fly back to Seattle......?

#S9E23

Niles is still in England trying to convince Mr Moon that he should come 
        to Seattle with him and reconcile with his wife. Mr Moon responds again 
        by throwing him out of the pub again, but when Niles introduces himself 
        as Daphne's fiancee and says she is desperately unhappy that her father 
        won't be at her wedding to give her away, he relents. When they arrive 
        in Seattle, Niles introduces Mr Moon to his father and brother, but Niles 
        also has a favour to ask Martin - he believes that Mr Moon may be more 
        willing to get back with his wife if he thought someone else was interested 
        in her. Martin refuses at first but agrees when Niles says that if they 
        get back together, she'll be going back to England. So Martin makes out 
        that he is interested in Mrs Moon, but Mr Moon doesn't seem too bothered 
        by it. 
Daphne and her mother arrive back from Hawaii, with Mrs Moon in as good 
        a mood as ever. Both of them, however, are shocked when Mr Moon makes 
        an appearance - Daphne is overjoyed, but her mother storms out saying 
        she never wants to see him again. Daphne's mood soon changes though when 
        Niles tells her how he got his father to Seattle, saying she would have 
        never interfered, but Niles manages to convince Mr Moon to stay one more 
        night in a hotel. The next day, Niles decides to take Mr and Mrs Moon 
        to a restaurant in the vain hope of reconciling them - it seems to be 
        going well, but when Niles pops out to get a bottle of champagne, he comes 
        back to face Daphne's parents, at each other's throats and being restrained 
        with their table on fire. As Mr Moon prepares to fly back to England, 
        Daphne finally accepts her parents will never get back together, but her 
        father tells her to hang on to Niles. So Daphne goes over to Niles' apartment 
        and tells him she wants to marry him not in a few months but right this 
        minute........ Meanwhile, Roz fills out a comment card rating Frasier's 
        performance in bed that causes Frasier some consternation.

#S9E24

#S10E1

We begin by seeing Daphne and Niles reciting their wedding vows in a 
        chapel before the camera pulls back to reveal it is the wedding chapel 
        at the Lucky 7 Casino resort in Reno. At the moment they exchange rings, 
        they realise they don't have them - luckily the 'minister' can offer 7 
        different types of wedding rings for purchase. As Niles is choosing, Daphne's 
        mobile phone rings - it's Roz who wants her to turn on her TV as Roz's 
        building is on the news. Daphne then blurts out that she and Niles went 
        to Reno to get married! On their return to Seattle, they stop off at Frasier's 
        apartment to tell him and Martin the good news, but when they both say 
        they would die if they missed their wedding, Niles and Daphne cover it 
        up by saying that they are getting married in 3 days at a registry office. 
        So their second marriage sees the happy couple accompanied by Frasier, 
        Martin, Roz, Daphne's mother and Alice as their flower girl. However, 
        it seems Mrs Moon thinks they are just getting their licence and insists 
        that they should get married in a church. Daphne tries to placate her 
        by saying they will try to find a church at short notice, leaving her 
        mother to leave in a huff along with Roz and Alice.
While Frasier is asking the minister if he knows any churches that may 
        be available, Daphne has a change of heart and decides they should get 
        married there and then in front of Frasier and Martin.Back at the apartment, 
        Frasier and Martin present the happy couple with their wedding present 
        - an engraved silver frame. Then Daphne's mother arrives, and announces 
        she has changed her mind, so Daphne and Niles decide to make her happy 
        by announcing they are having their marriage ceremony tomorrow. So once 
        again, Niles, Daphne. Mrs Moon and Roz make their way to the registry 
        office (Alice was ill from having eaten the flower petals she was given). 
        This time, they bump into Donny and his fiancee, and end up inviting him 
        to Niles and Daphne's wedding. Finally, the ceremony begins with Niles 
        just about remembering his vows (for the 3rd time) but Daphne just can't 
        go through with the pretence - and then the truth all begins to comes 
        out......

#S10E2

Frasier is driving Niles into town to replace a cage for his two new 
        birds - Niles and Daphne - and pulls into a parking garage. He then notices 
        that the clock in his car is wrong, and he only has 15 minutes before 
        his show is due to begin. So he immediately drives to the exit, but the 
        garage attendant tells him that he has to pay $2 as that is the fee for 
        any part of 20 minutes. Frasier protests that he has not parked for any 
        length of time, but the attendant insists he has to pay $2. Frasier retaliates 
        by beginning a protest by sitting in his car at the exit gate for the 
        20 minutes, dismissing Niles' attempts to pay the $2. He then phones Roz 
        to let her know his situation, which leaves Roz to start Frasier's show 
        by herself. The other drivers behind Frasier are starting to get irate, 
        but Frasier is unrepentant and cannot believe they cannot see he is on 
        their side - even when he tries to explain to them why he is doing it. 
      
Finally, Niles manages to convince him that he would still be keeping 
        to his principles if he left with time to spare but his speech to the 
        garage attendant as he hands over his ticket pushes him into another 20 
        mins - meaning he now owes $4! This forces Frasier to take action and 
        drives through the exit barrier without paying. Back at KACL, Roz has 
        started taking calls and one about a caller having sex with his boss and 
        the resulting uncomfortable atmosphere leads to Roz to say she has also 
        been there but now it is much better. Another caller then pushes Roz on 
        the 'now' part of her story and guesses that she has slept with Frasier! 
        The man himself then bursts into the studio and when a caller asks about 
        Frasier's situation, he thinks the caller was talking about his parking 
        garage stand-off - and proceeds to tell his audience that it wasn't his 
        finest hour and at least he got away without paying the $4 !!
#S10E3

It's condo board president re-election time in Frasier's building and 
        having failed 5 years running, is desperate to succeed this time - he 
        even has his own slogan: The People's Elixir. Martin points out that he 
        has managed to alienate almost everyone on the condo board, leading to 
        Daphne to suggest Martin give Frasier lessons in how to be a normal person. 
        This leads Frasier to suggest that Martin should run for condo board president, 
        but with Frasier really pulling the strings and making all the decisions- 
        a puppet candidate, in other words. Martin is very reluctant at first, 
        but the promise of wider parking spaces, he agrees. Frasier decides not 
        to drop out of the race so as not to arose suspicion, but is seems Frasier 
        was right to select Martin as he beats Frasier in the final vote by 15 
        votes to 2. He also becomes one of the most successful presidents - thanks 
        largely to Frasier's ideas, but when it becomes to clear to Martin that 
        Frasier has 5 years worth of ideas to implement before he even gets round 
        to wider parking spaces, he decides to make some decisions of his own.
At the next board meeting, Martin is going through Frasier's well prepared 
        list of items of discussion, but when he reaches the last item, he changes 
        it from a ventilation system to wider parking spaces - something the rest 
        of people at the meeting think is a brilliant idea and vote for it to 
        go ahead. This prompts Frasier into action - he is going to expose Martin 
        at the next board meeting, but it seems he may not need to as the rest 
        of the building at angry at the wider parking spaces scheme with residents 
        complaining of getting tickets and getting towed after having to park 
        on the streets. Frasier comes to his rescue by saying Martin is in discussions 
        with the next building about sharing their spaces, but Martin decides 
        the time is right to let everyone know that all 'his' great ideas are 
        in fact Frasier's. The residents react angrily at having been misled, 
        prompting Martin to resign, but with the rules stating the runner-up takes 
        the presidency, will Frasier take his chance to become condo board president....... 
        Meanwhile, Niles and Daphne tease Roz over her thinking Niles offering 
        her a 'melange' (a fruit salad) meant they were up for a threesome.

#S10E4

Roz's cynical and opinionated younger cousin, Jen, arrives in "lame" 
        Seattle, and proceeds to antagonise Frasier by telling him that London 
        was a parody of itself and Florence is over. Roz, on the other hand, was 
        the most fun person in their home town and Jen is expecting their time 
        together to be as fun as it was when Roz was 20 - meaning that she and 
        Jen go to an all night disco on her first night in town. We also discover 
        that Kenny still hasn't unpacked the boxes in his office, despite being 
        in his job for 4 years - apparently, it's a superstition that as soon 
        as he unpacks he gets fired from his job. Jen further antagonises Frasier 
        by dissing the art museum he suggests Jen visits, and then buys him a 
        bust of Freud because every theory of his has been disproved! 
Roz finally palms Jen off on to Kenny, who tells her that her planned 
        visit to Vietnam is a great idea and wishes he could go. Jen then manages 
        to convince him that he should free himself from the shackles of his corporate 
        job and do something adventurous. In fact, Kenny and Jen are so taken 
        with each other they end up smooching with each other on Kenny's couch! 
        However, his enthusiasm wanes somewhat when his planned trip to Vietnam 
        for the both of them receives a knowckback when Jen tells him she travels 
        alone because of a bad experience once but says he should still go on 
        his own. Roz finally has to act her age when she is left exhausted from 
        constant all night parties and tells Jen she can't go - she's old! She 
        also lets a 47 year old caller who refuses to grow up have it as well, 
        which prompts Kenny to finally unpack his boxes. Also, Frasier and Martin 
        are finding it difficult to cope with keeping the apartment tidy now that 
        Daphne is no longer there so they takes advantage of both Niles and Daphne's 
        goodwill to get the place tidy.

#S10E5

Bulldog, still working in the archive room at KACL, plays a great practical 
        joke on Frasier - his buddy finds a exact copy of his car in the scrapyard 
        and Bulldog has Frasier's car towed away to be replaced with the crumpled 
        up one. This leaves Frasier very annoyed - even though he protests he 
        really knew what was going on. So in retaliation, he dreams up a typical 
        Frasier practical 'joke' - he is going to tie a red balloon to Bulldog's 
        car every time the Seattle Seahawks lose so that, over time, he will assocaiate 
        red with losing and will slowly drive him insane (!). Abandoning this 
        idea, he decides on a better one - he will create a spooky atmosphere 
        in the archive room complete with smoke and sound effects and have zombies 
        appear out of the mist - hopefully scaring Bulldog in the process. He 
        ropes in a couple of young actors to play zombies, and Martin and Roz 
        to help too but thanks to Frasier constant critiquing of the actors, as 
        well as having to practice it 4 times make Martin and Roz complain he 
        is taking the fun out of it and leave.
They return when Frasier is about to put his zombie plan into action 
        as he has rigged up a camera in the archive room to a monitor in his radio 
        studio to watch and tape Bulldog's reaction. Kenny also joins the gang 
        watching on the monitor, and when Bulldog arrives and Frasier's plan swings 
        into action it seems to be going marvellously as Bulldog seems truly scared. 
        Things go awry when Bulldog pulls out a gun and shoots one of the zombies, 
        causing Frasier to rush down to the archive room. As Kenny phones for 
        an ambulance, Roz and Martin tell him that they colluded with Bulldog 
        to get him to shoot one of the zombies, and have a laugh at Frasier's 
        expense. The table are turned, however, when one of the zombies 'dies' 
        after scissors are stabbed into his back, leaving Roz and Martin aghast, 
        compounded further when a dead Noel Shempsky is found hanging inside a 
        cupboard. Frasier and Bulldog then spill the beans - they teamed up to 
        make Martin and Roz the true victims of the joke. Although Bulldog gets 
        Frasier to agree he needed him to pull off his prank, it is Frasier who 
        has the last laugh......Meanwhile, Mrs Moon and a kid from Niles' building 
        play practical jokes on each other.
#S10E6

Frederick is about to have his Bar Mitzvah, and his mother is going through 
        all the things she has saved from when he was a baby and finding the whole 
        experience quite emotional - not something you'd expect to hear about 
        Lilith. Frederick wants to invite a large number of people in the hope 
        of getting a large amount of presents until his mother dissaudes from 
        this. He also asks hs father to give a blessing at the ceremony, and because 
        Frasier isn't Jewish, he decides to make it more special by giving it 
        in Hebrew. Noel Shempsky overhears this, and offers to help Frasier translate 
        it in return for a favour - he wants Frasier to go to the Star Trek convention 
        and get a signed autograph of the Enterprise captain, Scott Bakula (he 
        can't go himself because of William Shatner's restraining order). Frasier 
        reluctantly agrees, but when Niles offers to take him to lunch with a 
        famous painter at the art gallery on the same day as the convention, he 
        decides to go to the lunch and then drive to the convention. However, 
        traffic thwarts his plan and leaves Frasier without a signed photo for 
        Noel.
A distraught Noel vows revenge on Frasier and translates his blessing 
        in Klingon, instead of Hebrew. This backfires on Noel when Frasier later 
        buys him the wig Joan Collins once wore on a Star Trek episode and tries 
        in vain to warn him. Frederick is humiliated at his Bar Mitzvah as Lilith 
        shares embarrassing stories from his childhood and everyone finds out 
        his middle name is 'Gaylord'. This is, of course, fiurther compinded when 
        Frasier delivers his speech in Klingon to everyone's bewilderment until 
        one of the guests points out it was in Klingon leaving Frasier to make 
        a hasty exit. Meanwhile, Daphne learns of Niles one night encounter with 
        Lilith and Martin terrifies everyone with his camera that has the world's 
        brightest flash.
#S10E7

Frasier is having trouble finding a replacement housekeeper and holds 
        interviews together with Martin and Daphne, but none of them find favour 
        with Frasier. Then Trish Haney arrives, who was down to be interviewed 
        an hour ago - not the best way to get on Frasier's good side, but he fact 
        that she was late because she was in line buying Sonics tickets certainly 
        makes Martin find her interesting. Martin then says that whoever gets 
        the job is someone he will have to spend a lot of time with, and he was 
        right about Daphne, so Frasier finally relents and agrees to let Martin 
        hire Trish. On her first day, however, she has to leave at 10 for a hair 
        appointment and then on to lunch. Martin feels that he has to cover for 
        her because otherwise he'll never hear the end of it from Frasier, so 
        Martin cleans the apartment. Trish's unreliability continues - the next 
        day, it's her neighbour's 'funeral', the day after that it's the flu. 
        Martin continues to clean the apartment for her but when Frasier comes 
        home early on day, his cover may be blown.....
Niles, on the other hand, has a lingering toothache which the dentist 
        says is perfectly fine, and confides to Roz in the cafe that it may be 
        referred pain - for example, a heart condition's pain appears as a toothache. 
        Roz says it's probably a sinus infection after learning there is only 
        a 1 in 10,000 chance of it being this, which is followed by Niles winning 
        a fanny pack in a bottled water competition, of which there is a 1 in 
        10,000 chance of winning. Niles then experiences a large number of improbable 
        events - his car is struck by lightening, he picks the card his father 
        asks him to out of a normal pack of cards, he meets another Niles and 
        Daphne couple - which culminates in him winning yet another fanny pack 
        in a the same bottled water competition. Roz convinces him to see a doctor 
        and get his heart condition checked out, but doesn't tell Daphne as he 
        doesn't want to worry her. The doctor tells him some shocking news - there's 
        an anomaly with his EKG and will have to go the hospital for surgery straight 
        away.....
#S10E8

Niles is in hospital preparing to undergo heart surgery, and the rest 
        of the Crane clan and Roz are there as well to help him through it. Frasier 
        has come prepared - he has researched the procedure thoroughly and made 
        booklets for everyone so that they too can understand what Niles will 
        go through. Martin is dealing with it the same way he always does when 
        one of his sons is in hospital - pretend there's nothing wrong while Daphne 
        is obviously concerned about her husband but is being strong for him. 
        Frasier then gets into an argument with the surgeon who is about to operate 
        on Niles when he thinks that there is a better procedure than the one 
        he is explaining to Niles. Finally, Niles is ready to go into surgery, 
        high on painkillers, and wonders whether hospitals have memories as we 
        are born and are sick in hospitals.
This sets everyone thinking and we are treated to memories of everyone's 
        experiences in hospitals - Niles and Frasier in hospital, Maris after 
        surgery, the day Martin is told his wife may be dying - while they are 
        waiting to hear about Niles. Martin then wants a Chunky bar from the candy 
        machine and after finally getting some change, the bar gets stuck. Daphne 
        then takes a fire extinguisher and smashes the glass to get Martin his 
        chocolate bar, and breaks down crying, explaining she is scared out of 
        her mind. Thankfully, the doctor comes round and explains that the surgery 
        went very well and Niles will be fine. We finish with Daphne seeing her 
        husband after surgery and walking out of the hospital, accompanied by 
        Daphne and Niles after she has given birth to their children.

#S10E9

Frasier is throwing a celebration at his apartment in honour of Niles 
        getting out of hospital. When his brother arrives it seems he has a new 
        outlook on life: he is so happy after surviving his brush with death, 
        that he even says that Daphne's mother is a pleasure to have around (something 
        that Daphne is none to happy about), and also got hooked on daytime soaps 
        while he was recovering. The following day at Cafe Nervosa, Frasier joins 
        Roz having bought a new opera CD that he is excited about, but when Niles 
        and Daphne arrive, Niles says that the CD is awful - to which Frasier, 
        somewhat weirdly, accepts his opinion. Roz picks up on this, saying they 
        would usually fight about it for 2 hours, so Frasier explains that just 
        before Niles went into surgery he made a prayer to God that if he came 
        through it he wouldn't argue with his brother again. Daphne wants to restart 
        physical relations with her husband, but he says they should be careful, 
        and wait until the results of his stress test in a few weeks.
However, even after he has his stress test during which the doctor says 
        he can eat normal food again and go back to work, Niles still sticks to 
        his diet and doesn't want to have sex with his wife. He is also beginning 
        to grate on Frasier as he starts calling in to his show and giving his 
        own advice to callers, but when when drops in to visit Niles he sees Daphne 
        packing up food for the poor and learns that Daphne made her own pact 
        with God before Frasier made his. Sensing a way out of his pact he heads 
        home, where Niles and Martin have been hanging out and Martin has been 
        trying to talk some sens into him by making him see that he is scared 
        of returning to his normal life - which Niles finally accepts. He bumps 
        into Frasier about to let fly at his brother but says that their father 
        has beaten him to it - and rushes home to make love to his wife......

#S10E10

Frasier is preparing for Christmas at his apartment which includes ordering 
        a ten-pound Hungarian goose, but his plans are thwarted somewhat when 
        Daphne announces that she and Niles want to have the traditional Crane 
        Christmas at the Montana as it's their first Christmas as a couple. Frasier 
        is appalled as it's traditional to have it at his apartment, but Niles 
        wants to start a new tradition - however neither of them can come up with 
        a solution to their problem, so they leave it up to their father to decide 
        who says he wants a few days to think about it. However, when Frasier 
        sees Niles giving his father a thermos of coffee he accuses his brother 
        of trying to bribe his father which Niles counters by saying that Frasier 
        has a cheek to buy a replacement Dancing Santa when it was he that threw 
        it off the roof! That is the final straw for Martin - he says he can't 
        stand their fighting any more and has decided to work on Christmas Day!
Frasier and Niles then go to apologise to their father at work, which 
        he accepts, and as they are heading out of the building they spy the Christmas 
        tree in the lobby and hit upon a brilliant idea - they remove the fake 
        presents under the trees and replace them with their real presents, so 
        that come Christmas Day they come down and surprise their father before 
        magically finding all their presents under the Christmas tree. Putting 
        their plan into action, Daphne keeps Martin occupied while Niles and Frasier 
        swap the real for fake presents (which doesn't go smoothly as Niles takes 
        out the fake presents and puts them by the elevator doors while Frasier 
        thinks those are the real presents are starts bringing them in again!), 
        but eventually everything is set for Christmas morning - when Martin appears 
        from the bedroom and says his boss has given him the day off........ Meanwhile, 
        Roz is volunteering as an elf at the mall and has a crush on the guy playing 
        Santa, but Daphne thinks that she has a crush on Santa Claus himself.

#S10E11

Frasier and Cam Winston have swapped mailboxes but Frasier keeps getting 
        Cam's mail by accident. He opens one of his letters and finds an invitation 
        to a place called 'La Porte D'Argent', which neither he or Niles has heard 
        of. There is however a phone number but it requires them to enter their 
        six-digit access code. Thoroughly intrigued by this exclusive new place, 
        they go down there but the receptionist won't even tell Frasier what 'La 
        Porte D'Argent' actually is even though he has a valid invitation as Frasier's 
        name isn't on the list. Thankfully, when Niles walks in Frasier calls 
        him Cam Winston - whose name is on the list - so they discover that 'La 
        Porte D'Argent' is an exclusive day spa and are just ecstatic about the 
        service they receive. However, as they are about to pay, they see Senator 
        Ogden going into an area with a gold door. The reservationist tells them 
        that's the gold level, and they can't go in because they aren't on the 
        gold level list.
Understandably, Frasier and Niles are angry that they can't get in and 
        search their Rolodexes in the hope that someone can get them into the 
        gold level. Thankfully, Roz is on hand to help them as Senator Ogden owes 
        her a big favour. The gold level exceeds even Frasier and Niles' expectations 
        but as they sit in the relaxation grotto, Frasier spies a platinum door. 
        Niles is eager to go but can barely walk as he is wrapped up like a mummy 
        but after an attendant tells them they can't go through that door, Frasier 
        picks up his brother and the two of them fling open the platinum door 
        and head to what they believe will be paradise - however it doesn't quite 
        live up to their expectations......

#S10E12

KACL has hired Julia Wilcox, a financial analyst, to present a stock 
        market update in the last 10 minutes of Frasier's show. She has previously 
        had a show on CNBC, and had written a book called 'Daytrade Your Way Out 
        Of Debt' which destroyed her career and credibility. She doesn't get off 
        to the best of starts by treating Roz dismissively and cutting into Frasier's 
        introduction to begin her slot, but later in Cafe Nervosa, Frasier and 
        Roz tell Kenny he should get rid of her. He, however, says that he wants 
        everyone to treat Julia with kid gloves as she sued her last station for 
        wrongful termination. Frasier then says that he is starting to feel sorry 
        for her, and goes over to Julia to offer her an olive branch - which she 
        treats with contempt, and leaves Frasier disliking Julia even more. He 
        gets even more angry when a fan tells Frasier at an art exhibition that 
        he and Julia had chemistry. All this protesting leaves his family wondering 
        whether his dislike of Julia is masking his real feelings for Julia, but 
        Frasier doesn't even dignify that with an answer.
Down at the station, Frasier decides to have it out with Julia once and 
        for all, which turns into a slanging match between the two of them at 
        then end of which Frasier says to Julia "Are you as turned on by 
        this as I am?". Julia screams no, and rushes out in disgust, while 
        Kenny who had seen the whole thing happening rushes in and asks Frasier 
        what the hell he was thinking. The legal department at KACL forces everyone 
        to come in on a Saturday and attend a sexual harassment seminar - something 
        none of them are happy about. There's nearly a fight between Bulldog and 
        Noel over who gets to do a roleplay with Roz, but when Julia and Frasier 
        roleplay what happened between them, she says that she won't be suing 
        the station as it's too small. Kenny says if she puts that in writing 
        everyone can go home, which she agrees, and after everyone's gone Frasier 
        and Julia come to an understanding and decide to work slowly towards a 
        friendship. Meanwhile Niles has to have his patient sessions at his house 
        while his office is being remodelled.

#S10E13

Lilith is flying into Seattle to ask Frasier a big favour, but hasn't 
        told Frasier much about it. When she arrives at his apartment, Lilith 
        tells Frasier that she has finally realised what has been missing from 
        her life - she wants a sibling for Frederick and wants to have it with 
        Frasier! He, naturally, is a little taken aback and wants to know whether 
        they would have to have sex - Lilith says no, she wants to freeze some 
        his sperm after he has 'donated' some at a fertility clinic. Lilith leaves 
        Frasier to ponder over his decision for the night, but the next day Frasier 
        admits to Niles that he is on the verge of agreeing to her request. However, 
        at dinner later that night, Frasier tells Lilith his decision is no upon 
        hearing which she uses some emotional manipulation which Frasier can see 
        right through but it eventually works and Frasier agrees to Lilith's request 
        for some sperm.
Down at the fertlility clinic, Lilith and Frasier get into an argument 
        as she keeps telling him things to do while he is trying to produce his 
        'donation' which causes Frasier to think about the real reasons why they 
        are doing this. Frasier wonders if they are trying to recreate the past, 
        which leads to him telling Lilith he has changed his mind. Lilith is downhearted 
        but the man she ends up sitting next to on the plane back to Seattle may 
        just be the answer to her problems..... Meanwhile, Daphne, Roz, Alice 
        and Mrs Moon head off to a Canadian amusement park, while Niles is intrigued 
        by a blurry photo he believes is an illicit photo of Daphne and is shocked 
        when he learns the truth.
#S10E14

The episode opens at the end of another disastrous dinner party thrown 
        by Frasier and Niles with all of the guests and the chef storming out, 
        leaving the Crane brothers wondering why they can't throw a successful 
        party for once in their lives. The next day at Niles apartment, workmen 
        are installing a beautiful new chandelier and Niles arrives home to tell 
        Daphne his plan for a party to celebrate his purchase of a painting by 
        the renowned artist Mike Shaw. Of course, Niles wants to throw it with 
        Frasier but Daphne says that perhaps it is time to throw a party without 
        his brother and instead suggests she and Niles co-host the party with 
        Daphne handling all the food. Niles eventually agrees, but Frasier doesn't 
        take too kindly to the news that he is going to be 'just' a guest at Niles' 
        party and refuses to come, although he does offer Daphne his help with 
        the food if she needs it.
Come the day of the party, Daphne seems to have things under control 
        as she begins cooking the hens for dinner, but disaster soon strikes when 
        she discovers Alice has scribbled her name on her own drawings AND the 
        picture by Mike Shaw! Daphne tries to keep calm and sends Roz and Alice 
        off with the painting to an art restorer Niles always uses, before placing 
        a drape over one of Alice's paintings to hide the mess from her husband 
        and his guests. All this has led to the hens getting burnt, forcing Daphne 
        to call Frasier and ask for his help. He agrees - bringing his own batch 
        of hens and the ingredients for his signature sauce, but once he is at 
        Niles' apartment he tells Daphne that his brother cannot see him there 
        so he is forced to hide in a cupboard every time Niles enters the kitchen. 
        Daphne's mother also arrives home and declares she is going to spend the 
        evening watching a boxing match upstairs with just a few bottles of alcohol. 
        Daphne has a hard time keeping her husband out from the kitchen, and when 
        guests start arriving, from wanting to see Mike Shaw's painting. However, 
        the arrival of Mike Shaw (unbeknownst to Niles as Mrs Moon grabs him when 
        he arrives and takes him upstairs) leaves Niles thinking they have mistaken 
        him for Martin as they describe him as being old, white hair, a cane and 
        flannel shirt - and the appearance of his father in the kitchen just confirms 
        it but Martin is forced to stay and pretend to be the famous artist. Events 
        start to unwind on Daphne, however, as Niles discovers Frasier, the guests 
        uncover the 'painting', and Mrs Moon and Mike Shaw come through the ceiling 
        on her bed!! Frasier comforts Daphne after the guests leave as a disastrous 
        dinner party means she is now officially a Crane.

#S10E15

It's time for the Crane brothers sports club squash tournament, and Frasier 
        is expecting to be teamed with Niles again but he has other ideas: as 
        they have been eliminated in the second round for nine years in a row, 
        Niles has decided to team up with Jim Braggett (something of a poseur) 
        in the hope of doing better. Understandably, Frasier is upset at his brothers 
        actions but luck is at hand when Chelsea Gray, a girls gym teacher, walks 
        into the room. She and Frasier briefly met some time ago and mentions 
        that she is looking for someone to team up with her for the mixed doubles. 
        Frasier is reluctant initially but when he sees her hit a great ball at 
        Jim Braggett he agrees! This decision pays off handsomely when Chelsea 
        and Frasier win the mixed doubles tournament which delights Martin as 
        his son has finally brought home a trophy that doesn't have a book on 
        it, while Niles is a bit jealous of brother's achievements and hopes he 
        can do just as well with Jim. Frasier also admits to Daphne that he has 
        developed a bit of a crush on Chelsea and is worried that she doesn't 
        feel the same, but Daphne manages to convince him to take the plunge and 
        is rewarded with a date with Chelsea when she says yes.
After they have been dating for a while, Niles tells Frasier that he 
        first he couldn't believe he was dating a gym teacher on account of their 
        dreadful experiences they both faced when they were at school but remarks 
        that Chelsea couldn't be more different. Frasier is also enjoying their 
        relationship but things change when he goes to pick Chelsea up at her 
        school and witnesses Chelsea berate a rather fat girl for not trying hard 
        enough to climb the rope. This brings back memories of Frasier's horrible 
        cigar-smoking gym teacher Coach Fuller and as a result he can no longer 
        look at Chelsea without seeing her as his former gym teacher. Will Frasier 
        manage to get past this for the sake of their relationship.......?
#S10E16

KACL is organising a bike-a-thon in aid of AIDS research, which Frasier 
        has no intention of taking part in and will instead be making a donation. 
        When Kenny asks Julia if she is taking part, she at first says she isn't 
        but then admits she is pulling Kenny's leg and will be taking part - saying 
        that anyone who isn't doesn't have a heart. This provokes Frasier into 
        changing his mind, something that Niles has no hesitation of making light 
        of which backfires on him when Daphne suggests that she and Niles take 
        part as well. The problem? Neither Frasier or Niles ever learnt to ride, 
        something they try to cover when they go to the bike shop to buy a bike. 
        Frasier suggests he and Niles go off to a parking lot that night and not 
        come home until they can ride a bike, an idea which goes disastrously 
        wrong as Niles' bike gets ruined and Frasier keeps falling off. 
The next day at Cafe Nervosa, Daphne arrives with horrible news - someone 
        has stolen her and Niles' bikes which leads to Daphne learning that her 
        husband and Frasier have never really learnt how to ride a bike, and how 
        Niles hid their bikes in the boiler room. To overcome one of their childhood 
        demons, Daphne suggests she take Frasier and Niles to the park and teach 
        them how to ride, something which is not as easy as she though it might 
        be as Niles struggles to find his balance and Frasier can't seem to stop 
        bumping into one particular tree. Will they be ready for the bike-a-thon.......? 
        Meanwhile, Martin bumps into Cam Winston's mother Cora and wants to know 
        why she never phoned him. It seems that Mrs Moon told Cora that she was 
        his girlfriend and was a British secret agent, so Cora should leave him 
        alone. Martin is as angry as hell and refuses to even talk to Mrs Moon 
        but will they be able to resolve their problems?

#S10E17

Kenny comes into Frasier's booth after his show with some news - his 
        divorce has been finalised and he is a single man again. His happy mood 
        doesn't last for long as he soon breaks down in tears prompting Frasier 
        to suggest he see a psychiatrist to help him through this difficult time. 
        Roz suggests that Frasier counsel him, something that Kenny would be willing 
        to go along with, and although reluctant at first, Frasier is privately 
        excited about seeing private patients again. In their first session, Kenny 
        spends most of it in tears as Frasier drags him through his childhood, 
        picking up on the problems with his parents. This leaves Kenny emotionally 
        drained and is not best pleased when Frasier asks him to write a letter 
        to his father before their next session, while Frasier is elated at being 
        able to delve into the psychological problems of someone for the first 
        time in a long time. While Kenny is waiting for the lift, Martin (who 
        had overheard their whole session) bumps into him and tells him he is 
        going to McGinty's. Kenny asks if he tag along - a request Martin relucatantly 
        agrees to.
After a few sessions, Kenny decides to stop seeing Frasier as he has 
        found Martin's brand of therapy (beer and fun) much better for him. Frasier 
        is, of course, shocked and can't believe his father has interfered in 
        his counselling, but his protesting is all to no avail as Kenny doesn't 
        want to change his mind. He also has to listen to more of Martin's home-spun 
        wisdom when he tells Kenny that the answer to all his problems is a suede 
        jacket as the ladies can't resist having a feel of it. This leads to a 
        showdown down at McGinty's where Kenny has hooked up with a woman after 
        buying a sude jacket, and sees Frasier wanting to know why his father 
        dismisses his life's work and is even more incensed when Martin tells 
        his son that psychiatry is just for Hitler and Sybil! Kenny then returns 
        minus his jacket as he has just been mugged leading Martin to recommend 
        he sees Frasier to get over his divorce..... Meanwhile, Daphne and Niles 
        are being coached by a private yoga teacher and Niles is disturbed to 
        find that his wife is more flexible than he is.
#S10E18

Frasier and Niles are shopping at "Robert's Gourmet Goodies" 
        for their upcoming dinner party and spy some caviar which they both believe 
        will make the party a runaway success - until they spot the price that 
        Robert is charging: $100 an ounce! Just then, a stranger sidles up to 
        them and tells them his name is Petyr and that the price of caviar is 
        being controlled by the Russian mafia but that he has some for sale and 
        signals to meet him outside if they want to learn more. The Crane brothers 
        do indeed follow him and learn that Petyr has newly arrived on his cousins 
        boat with a cargo of superb quality caviar which Frasier and Niles agree 
        is of excellent quality after they have sampled it and are even more happy 
        when Petyr sells them some for $40 an ounce! Roz is dispatched to pick 
        up the caviar as Frasier didn't want Petyr to know where he lives, but 
        when she arrives she wants to know what all the fuss about caviar is about. 
        Roz then samples it and becomes hooked on it, but Frasier won't let her 
        stay for his party. The guests of his party are in agreement with Roz 
        about the caviar and start offering Frasier and Niles gifts in return 
        for some of their superb caviar. The Crane brothers are over the moon 
        at this sudden upturn in their social standing, but instead of dishing 
        out what remains of the caviar they decide to take orders from their guests 
        and place another order with Petyr.
However, Frasier and Niles are to be disappointed when Petyr arrives 
        with only a fraction of what they had asked for as he tells them that 
        Customs are closing in on the ship and it is getting too risky to sell 
        the caviar on the open market. The Crane brothers decide to take matters 
        into their own hands by visiting the boat that Petyr gets the caviar from 
        but it seems he wasn't wrong about US Customs not being too far behind........ 
        Meanwhile, Martin gets $40 more than he asked for at an ATM which Daphne 
        persuades him to return as it will be bad karma if he doesn't. However, 
        Martin discovers that returning the $40 is a lot harder than he thought.

#S10E19

Frasier's colleagues at KACL roped him into helping them build a house 
        for the 'Habitat for Humanity' charity, but at the handover to 
        the new residesnts,- the Grants - it becomes apparent that Frasier believes 
        he played a much more important role than he actually did. So proud is 
        he of his handiwork that he goes back the next day to offer the Grants 
        a housewarming gift of a mailbox that matches the colour of their front 
        door. The Grants also ask for his advice about where to hang a picture 
        they have purchased, and so impressed are they with his advice that they 
        invite him where he proceeds to offer more of his own advice about how 
        to decorate thier own home. Frasier is pertubed when he drives by the 
        house later that week to find that his mailbox gift has been replaced 
        by one decorated like a cow, and knocks on the Grants door to find out 
        what has happened. They, by this time, are getting fed up with the visits 
        by Dr Crane, but it is Frasier who is surprised when he discovers they 
        don't really like any of the ideas he has given them for his house. He 
        tells Roz he doesn't think the Grants are the right people for 'their' 
        house - thankfully, Roz puts him straight and makes him go to see them 
        one last time and tell them he won't be interfering any more. He manages 
        to do this, despite the Grants having decorated the whole house in a cow 
        theme.....
Also, Daphne and her mother have a huge fight that centres around Mrs 
        Moon having to make a bigger contribution to the household, forcing Mrs 
        Moon to go out and get a job - as a waitress at Cafe Nervosa, much to 
        everyone's delight (!) - while Martin and Eddie are a big hit giving a 
        safety lecture at a school assembly but after Martin picks up a fever 
        from the children, Niles has to go on in his place and ends up giving 
        a crowd-pleasing lecture on hygiene.

#S10E20

Frasier's accountant Avery McManus - an old friend of his - has warned 
        him that his spending habits are out of control and heads down to Cafe 
        Nervosa with Niles to think over his problem. He is outraged when a loud 
        and annnoying folk singer, Ben, starts playing while he and Niles are 
        in the middle of a conversation and pulls out the power lead on his electric 
        guitar - to the sound of booing from the cafe's other customers. The owner 
        of the cafe, Maureen Nervosa, asks Frasier just what he thinks he is doing, 
        and tells him that she has hired Ben to play every afternoon in the cafe. 
        This leaves Frasier no alternative than to bid Cafe Nervosa farewell, 
        and takes Niles with him on a hunt for an alternative coffee establishment 
        in Seattle - something the city is not exactly short of. At one prospective 
        coffee house that seems to fit the bill, they run into Julia - which puts 
        them right off it, especially when she describes Niles as "emergency 
        Frasier". He and Niles up and leave but when Frasier pops back for 
        something, he can't believe his eyes when he sees Julia and Avery locked 
        in a passionate embrace!
This leaves Frasier with an agonising decision over whether to tell Julia 
        that Avery is married, a decision that is not helped by his inability 
        to find a new coffeehouse and passes by Cafe Nervosa - only to find Niles 
        there accompanying Ben on one of his songs and dancing round the cafe!! 
        He is about to leave when Ben mentions his next song is about doing the 
        right thing, which leads Frasier to confront Avery over his affair with 
        Julia - and is appalled to discover that Julia is not only hiding in the 
        closet, but already knew that he was married, prompting Frasier to say 
        that they are no longer friends. Frasier returns to Cafe Nervosa and bumps 
        into Ben who has been helped into a job at a bank (a bank where Julia 
        is on the board) and is thankful that, at last, he has his cafe back.
#S10E21

Frasier learns that his old friend Dr Phil McGraw, now a highly successful 
        daytime talk show host, is in town and Roz manages to persuade Frasier 
        to take her to meet him despite Frasier still being angry over $200 Dr 
        Phil supposedly swindled out of Frasier many years ago. The pair of them 
        meet up after one of his shows, where Frasier also learns that his former 
        agent Bebe Glazer has been Dr Phil's agent for the past year. This begins 
        to leave Frasier feeling slightly envious of the success of his friend 
        and starts to wonder whether his career would benefit from being under 
        Bebe's control. She agrees to meet with Frasier, where it becomes apparent 
        that not only does she want him back, Bebe wants to seduce Frasier too! 
        He runs out of her hotel room in a panic, but Bebe joins Frasier later 
        at Cafe Nervosa and tells him that she wants to leave Dr Phil for him 
        - to which Frasier agrees and increases her fee to 15%. What Frasier was 
        not party to was that Dr Phil was just part of Bebe's scheme to get Frasier 
        back, and he had gone along with it so that Bebe wouldn't tell his wife 
        that he had been gambling. Meanwhile, Martin is put on the night-shift 
        for refusing to date his bosses' sister, while Niles and Daphne become 
        obsessed about an older couple they like to think are the older versions 
        of themselves.
#S10E22

Leland Barton, Hester Crane's former research assistant, comes to Seattle 
        to pay Frasier and Niles a visit. Roz is at Frasier's aparment when he 
        arrives, which leads to Leland mistaking Roz for Niles, but then begins 
        to notice similarities between both Crane boys and Leland, such as both 
        having a penchant for fine wine and opera, not to mention a couple of 
        Niles' allergies - even Eddie begins to have trouble telling Frasier and 
        Leland apart. She accidentally mentions her concerns to Martin who was 
        joking when he said they might be related, but this sets Martin off thinking 
        that Leland might actually be Frasier and Niles' father as Hester had 
        an affair once, so whose to say she didn't have one with Leland. Martin's 
        mind is put at ease, however, when he learns something he didn't know 
        about Leland.... Meanwhile, Niles and Daphne struggle to come up with 
        a name for their as-yet-to-be-born child so they can put it down for an 
        exclusive pre-elementary school.

#S10E23

Julia is feeling depressed after she broke up with Avery because he couldn't 
        break it off with his wife, which is then followed by Avery trying to 
        deny her credit for a software program that they both worked on but she 
        did most of the work for. She decides to go down to his office and take 
        back her program, dragging Frasier along with her for moral support. Julia 
        finds her program before deleting the contents of Avery's hard drive. 
        The sound of someone at the door forces Frasier and Julia to hide in the 
        closet, where Frasier tries to convince Julia to do the right thing. It 
        turns out to be the cleaning woman but Frasier is surprised when Julia 
        unxexpectedly kisses him before trashing Avery's office. Julia says she 
        kissed him to shut him up, but Frasier believes there's more to it than 
        that. Although she avoids Frasier for the next few days, she finally admits 
        it was because he has so much character and would actually like to go 
        on a date with Frasier.
Meanwhile, a rival station - KPXY - has headhunted Roz for the position 
        of programme director, but believes that the Woody Wizwell who will be 
        interviewing her was the person she slept with some years ago. However, 
        it transpires that it was actually the interviewer's father that Roz slept 
        with! Despite this, she still gets the job leaving Frasier with mixed 
        feelings about seeing her go. Niles, on the other hand, is persuaded to 
        join his father at a shooting range and surprises himself by being quite 
        good at it, and also makes some new friends - some "regular guys" 
        he enjoys hanging out with until he learns a disturbing secret about them.....

#S10E24

As Roz prepares to leave KACL, she is training Noel up to take over as 
        Frasier's producer - a lesson that includes not having Noel lean on the 
        mic button as Roz explains live on air how to get the juiciest calls! 
        Later, she and Frasier are at his apartment finishing the paperwork for 
        their show for the last time, and learns that Frasier and Julia are now 
        dating each other and makes plain her dislike of her when Roz describes 
        her as a total bitch. Frasier argues there's a side to Julia that only 
        he has yet been able to see but Roz is obviously troubled by the burgeoning 
        relationship between Frasier and Julia. During the KACL farewell party, 
        where Bulldog and Noel almost comes to blows over Roz, she sees for herself 
        just how close Frasier and Julia have become and surprises everyone by 
        announcing she won't be taking the job at KPXY and will be staying at 
        KACL!
On a vist to Cafe Nervosa, Frasier leaves Roz to order coffee as he pops 
        to the washroom and his mobile phone rings - Roz sees in disgust that 
        it's Julia which prompts Mrs Moon to answer the phone as Frasier's girlfriend 
        in an attempt to get rid of her. This backfires spectacularly when Julia 
        pops into Cafe Nervosa and works out it was Mrs Moon who answered Frasier's 
        phone, which leaves Julia no choice but to confront Roz when Mrs Moon 
        said it was all Roz's idea. Roz tells Julia exactly what she thinks of 
        her, adding that she's completely wrong for Frasier but Julia says that 
        that's not her call to make. Roz tries to get Martin on her side to back 
        her up when she talks to Frasier but he is tempted away by Julia with 
        the promise of restaurant cake. This leaves Frasier and Roz to discuss 
        the problem - he says that she is worried about someone taking her place 
        in his life, something that Roz disagrees with, and eventually becomes 
        angry with Roz because she is interfering in his private life. This forces 
        Roz to ask Frasier to choose to between her and Julia - and Frasier picks 
        Julia, leaving Roz to change her mind and decides to join KPXY for definite 
        this time.....
Meanwhile, Daphne and Niles move closer to preparing to have a baby and 
        try to find a way of getting Mrs Moon to move out. It proves difficult 
        though, leaving Niles to resolve it by offering to contribute to the rent 
        of an apartment in Seattle for Mrs Moon to live in.

#S11E1

We open the 11th season the day after the events of the previous episode, 
        with Roz joining Niles for coffee in Cafe Nervosa to seek his advice: 
        her new job at KPXY is a disaster, her boss has already hit on her and 
        her new assistant is a complete idiot. Niles wonders aloud whether she 
        left in the first place because she has feelings for Frasier, which Roz 
        dismisses out of hand saying if she had, it would have been after they 
        slept together two years ago. Niles is somewhat taken aback, and answers 
        Roz's original question rather facieously by saying she should just waltz 
        back in to KACL as if nothing had ever happened - which Roz thinks is 
        perfect! After she rushes off, Niles is joined by Martin and Daphne and 
        a lot of pregnancy preparation equipment, including Niles' fertility software, 
        which somewhat surprises Frasier when he then joins them, but it's Daphne 
        who is all the more surprised when Frasier reminds Niles about the sperm 
        he donated to a sperm bank when he was in college. Niles decides to go 
        down to the bank and see whether they ever used his deposit, but is left 
        feeling deflated when the nurse tells him that his sample was discarded 
        as his sperm had low motility which would make it very difficult for he 
        and Daphne to conceive.
Back at KACL, Frasier settles down to do his show with his new wheelchair 
        bound producer, when Roz makes her return which leaves Kenny rather surprised 
        and Frasier even more so when turns to the booth to introduce his new 
        producer and sees Roz staring back at him! Niles arrives at Frasier's 
        apartment wearing baggy pants after doing some research to see what he 
        can do to improve his sperm's motility, not to mention wearing the Testi-Cool 
        2000 which keeps his nether regions at a constantly cool temperature. 
        Frasier returns home and seeks Niles advice over Roz - he tells his brother 
        she arrived back at KACL in deep denial which leads to Frasier to come 
        to just one conclusion: Roz is still in love with him two years after 
        they slept together. Sensing delusions of grandeur, Niles departs and 
        Julia arrives to make dinner for the two of them. Not long after, however, 
        Roz arrives - prompting Julia to leave, saying the situation is too weird 
        - before they patch things up with each other as Roz says she's definitely 
        not in love with him.
Over at Niles' apartment, he arrives home to a candle lit apartment and 
        the sight of Daphne in some provocative clothing, all of which prompts 
        Niles to tell Daphne about his 'slow sperm'. She tells Niles that they 
        can do lots of things nowadays for infertile couples, and as she has taken 
        an ovulation test, why not give Mother Nature a try. As they head off 
        to the bedroom, Niles notices that she hasn't taken an ovulation test, 
        it's a pregnancy test - and it's positive.......

#S11E2

At Cafe Nervosa, Niles and Daphne plan how to tell their family about 
        the fact that Daphne is pregnant. They agree on a dinner, with Niles excitedly 
        offering to recite a poem by Robbie Burns. Daphne then leaves, just as 
        Frasier joins his brother, who wants to unburden himself over his relationship 
        with Julia. Niles tells Frasier that his problem with Julia is the same 
        problem he has had with almost all of his recent relationships - as soon 
        as he senses the relationship is getting serious, Frasier runs a mile. 
        Niles tells his brother to "commit to committment" in an effort 
        to save his relationship with Julia, which Frasier agrees to give a try.
Frasier arrives back at his apartment, where Martin asks him not to reveal 
        the score for the Mariners game (not something he's likely to know anyway) 
        before heading out with Eddie to the vet and then over to Niles and Daphne's 
        to help them prepare their dinner, reminding Frasier about it as well. 
        Just as Frasier is about to head out to see a movie, however, Julia stops 
        by - she dropped one of her earrings the previous night and while helping 
        to look for it, Frasier starts to tell Julia about the message he had 
        left on her answering service (which ended with a sonnet). It turns out 
        that Julia had heard the message after all, and the pair of them head 
        off to the bedroom. While they are in bed together, Martin, Niles and 
        Daphne come in to the apartment and head for the kitchen with their dinner 
        - it seems Niles' expensive German cooker is on the blink, but while he 
        is in the kitchen he receives a phone call from his brother (currently 
        in the bedroom with Julia) saying he is coming down with a cold after 
        seeing the movie and is going to go home to bed. Niles begs him to reconsider, 
        just as a half naked Frasier meets his brother coming out of the kitchen!
This leaves Frasier no choice but to invite Julia to Niles and Daphne's 
        dinner, unaware of what the real purrpose of the dinner is, but doesn't 
        endear herself to Martin instantly by taking the beer meant for him, and 
        then ruins Niles and Daphne's surprise by revealing it after overhearing 
        them talk about it in the kitchen! Frasier and Martin are obviously over 
        the moon for them, but leaves Niles and Daphne seething. A ill-tempered 
        game of Pictionary is the final straw for everyone except Frasier, as 
        no-one helps Julia when she chokes on some nuts, but when Julia insults 
        his brand new Italian hand towels, Frasier breaks up with her and throws 
        her out of the apartment.....
#S11E3

Roz introduces Frasier, Niles and Martin to her new boyfriend Barry in 
        Cafe Nervosa but Frasier and Niles pick up on the fact that he goes to 
        the gym and he likes shopping for clothes, and deduce that he must be 
        gay. Martin, of course, wholeheartedly disagrees and tells Roz as much. 
        She, as you would expext, tells Frasier that he is just guilty of lazy 
        sterotyping, and he apologises - but the Crane brothers both think they 
        are still correct in their judgement. While all this happening, Frasier 
        and Niles spy Alistair Burke - the head of the Seattle Opera Guild - at 
        the counter and quickly introduce themselves to him, telling him they 
        cannot wait to see his latest production.
After their squash game, Niles and Frasier are walking home, with Frasier 
        wearing a pair of Niles' shorts as his had split and which look incredibly 
        tight on him. Niles is in a hurry to get him as he said he was at a conference 
        to avoid going to a flower show with Daphne and her mother, but they then 
        see Barry about to pass them and worry that Roz has told him what they 
        thought about him. However, looking up again expecting to meet Barry, 
        the street is deserted. They think he has gone into Bad Billy's, a gay 
        bar, so Frasier decides to go in and confront him leaving Niles outside. 
        The guys inside thebar are obviously interested in a guy wearing very 
        tight shorts, and Frasier is equally surprised to see his french polisher 
        Eduardo serving at the bar (although Eduardo isn't so surprised to see 
        Frasier!). Frasier asks Eduardo if he has seen a guy fitting Barry's description 
        and is told he's in the bathroom, so he decides to wait. Outside, Barry 
        comes out of the house next to Bad Billy's and sees Niles, who then rushes 
        into Bad Billy's and gets Frasier to leave - leaving everyone inside thinking 
        that Frasier has picked up Niles!
The following day on Frasier's show, a caller 'outs' Frasier by telling 
        his listeners that he was at Bad Billy's the previous night, leaving Frasier 
        no choice but to try and explain what he was doing there, but somehow 
        ends up making it worse. This is followed by Gil comforting Frasier on 
        his unexpected 'outing', and a chance encounter with Alistair Burke at 
        Cafe Nervosa who also heard about his 'outing' and tries to make him feel 
        better about his experience by inviting him to the backstage party for 
        his new play - something that leaves Niles rather envious about. Frasier 
        and Alistair's relationship develops over the following week but it isn't 
        long before Frasier has to face up to the fact that Alistair thinks they 
        are more than just friends........

#S11E4

Frasier and Niles are out shopping for a sofa for Frasier's imminent 
        return to private practice, not helped by Niles' constant babbling about 
        everything and anything - something that Frasier and Daphne have both 
        picked up on but Niles seems incapable of being able to stop doing it. 
        Frasier then spies their old babysitter Ronee Lawrence in the store, and 
        having had a massive crush on her when he was younger, goes over to get 
        re-acquaninted with her. She tells Frasier she now sings at a bar called 
        the Rendezvous Room, and is more than happy to drop by Frasier's apartment 
        that evening to catch up. She also reminds Niles about the stories she 
        used to tell him about the bugs that can live crawl through your ears 
        into your brain, and which prompted young Niles to start cleaning everything 
        he once sat down on!
That evening, Frasier is going to great lengths to impress Ronee when 
        she comes over as he hopes to begin a relationship with her, but to Frasier's 
        annoyance, Martin also seems to be interested in her as he starts to laugh 
        hard at her jokes and be very attentive to what she says. Frasier drags 
        his father off to the kitchen and expresses his annoyance, but to his 
        surprise, Martin thought Frasier had brought Ronee over for him! At that 
        point, Ronee gets a call - her replacement at the bar has called in sick, 
        and she has to go. Martin also says he is going out to McGinty's but Frasier 
        soon suspects his father has headed down to see Ronee and, after spending 
        45 minutes getting ready, heads down to see Ronee too. She is pleased 
        to see him, but Frasier is less pleased to see his father there as well, 
        so offers to sing a duet with Ronee to try and impress her but is less 
        than happy when the song she sings for a special person turns out to be 
        Martin! Can Frasier's analytical skills help solve his own depression, 
        Martin's relucatance to continue seeing Ronee and Niles' babbling......?

#S11E5

Roz has invited Frasier down to Cafe Nervosa to meet her friend Ann with 
        the hope of something romantic happening between them, but Frasier gets 
        the wrong end of the stick when Ann says she is in insurance and decides 
        to leave. Roz can't believe Frasier couldn't see she was trying to set 
        him up with Ann, but he retorts that he is waiting for Miss Right to come 
        along and is perfectly happy as he is until she comes along. Frasier thenm 
        tags along with Niles and Daphne, and Martin and Ronee to a restaurant, 
        however as the reservation was originally for 4, Frasier is forced to 
        sit on a child's seat and suffers further indignation when the restaurant 
        owner invites all the couples to come and dance in celebration of asking 
        his wife to marry him 42 years ago that night. So Frasier returns home 
        to his winter soup and Mr Bottomsley, a cat he is looking after, to find 
        Roz has left Ann's number on his answerphone in the hope he might call 
        her, which Frasier doesn't want to do until he catches sight of himself 
        in the mirror wrapped in a blanket and stroking a cat. Realising he looks 
        like his Aunt Shirley, he hurridly calls Ann and asks her out to dinner.
However, at his dinner with Ann, Frasier soon realises he has made a 
        big mistake when Ann reveals her big dream is to move up from being a 
        claims advisor to a senior claims advisor, but when Ann visits the bathroom, 
        Kenny arrives with his cousin Liz Wright who he is trying to convince 
        to stay in Seattle. Frasier is immediately attracted to Miss Wright and 
        from then on, does everything he can to finish his date with Ann, such 
        as feigning a phone call from Niles who has hurt his back and finishing 
        her food. He finally manages to get Ann out the door, and goes over to 
        Kenny and Liz but Ann returns to pick up her bag, sees Frasier with Liz 
        and realises just what is going on. Both women are disgusted with Frasier, 
        but Ann still wants to meet him for coffee the next day...... Meanwhile, 
        Daphne suspects their new housekeeper Mrs Gablyczyck is stealing from 
        them so she, Niles and Martin decide to confront her about it.
#S11E6

Frasier is awoken by the sounds of Ronee at the piano, but just after 
        he and Martin have the left the room to get ready for the day, Frasier 
        comes back in and hears Ronee on her mobile phone making a date with another 
        man. He doesn't make himself known until Ronee has finsihed and just takes 
        his coffee and leaves so Ronee doesn't think he has been listening in 
        one her conversation. Frasier discusses his dilemma about whether to tell 
        his father later that day with Niles in Cafe Nervosa, who really isn't 
        interested in Frasier's problem - he's trying to convince a famous painter 
        to paint his nursery, so Frasier tells his father what he heard to which 
        Martin responds by calling him an eavesdropper! Later that night at Frasier's 
        apartment, Martin invites Ronee to Do-Wop-A-Looza but she says she that 
        she didn't think they were exclusive and she has a date that night with 
        another man, so Martin covers by saying that he'll ask his other girlfriend, 
        'Sheila', instead. Frasier manages to overhear all this as he was trapped 
        in the kitchen with a mouthful of apple, but is caught by Ronee and Martin 
        leaving his father even more angry at him.
Niles and Daphne are in Cafe Nervosa waiting for Martin to turn up so 
        Niles can join him at Do-Wop-A-Looza but then Ronee and her date arrive 
        leaving Martin feeling uncomfortable so when Roz walks in, he grabs her 
        and kisses her before introducing her to everyone as Sheila. Roz is obviously 
        slightly disconcerted until Martin explains everything, but she tells 
        him that she is meeting her date - who happens to walk in when Roz is 
        kissing Martin - so Roz passes Martin off as her dad! Frasier arrives 
        in the midst of all this and tells his father to just talk to Ronee and 
        tell her how he feels - which he duly does, and she arrives at Frasier's 
        to listen to what he has to say. Just as Martin heads into the kitchen 
        to get them both a beer, 'Sheila' arrives at Frasier's apartment which 
        Ronee takes as her cue to leave. Martin is understandably upset and chases 
        after her - they end up in Ronee's car in the parking garage wher Martin 
        finally explains what is going on and says he wants to be exclusive with 
        her. Frasier, meanwhile, is trapped in the back of the car having climbed 
        in to look for his money clip which he though he lost there and ends up 
        listening to the whole conversation........ 
#S11E7

Niles and Daphne are in Cafe Nervosa, with Niles struggling to cope with 
        Daphne's mood swings so presents her with a gift of a day's pampering 
        at a health spa - which she seemingly loves. Frasier then joins them in 
        a happy mood as he prepares to begin his first day of private practice, 
        which begins with the arrival of Peggy - Frasier's temporary secretary 
        followed by his first patient, Jane. The session begins well enough, but 
        after Jane remembers that Frasier dated her sister and that Frasier called 
        her siter M'Lady during the height of passion causes the session to end 
        soon after. She is followed by Alex, whose session ends almost as quickly 
        as it begins when he decides that it just won't work. Thankfully Niles 
        come along to take Frasier out to lunch, but he suddenly gets a phone 
        call from Maris who wants to meet him over lunch to seek his advice. After 
        his lunch, Niles returns to tell Frasier and Martin all about his lunch 
        with Maris. Apparently, Maris' new lover Esteban has turned out to be 
        a violent and philandering man and she wanted Niles' advice about what 
        to do. Niles has also decided not to tell Daphne about his lunch, but 
        Frasier and Martin both advise against it, but just as Niles was about 
        to tell Daphne all about it, Maris calls Niles on his mobile phone - which 
        Daphne answers! Her reaction to Maris calling causes Niles to cover things 
        up by pretending he is about to throw Daphne a surprise baby shower.
At the baby shower, Daphner has to pretend to be surprised but it is 
        Frasier who gets the bigger shock when he answers the door to Esteban 
        and after Frasier says he is Dr Crane, he receives a swift punch in the 
        face for having lunch with Maris! The truth then comes out about Niles 
        having lunch with Maris, which prompts Daphne to leave in a rage. Frasier 
        then has his evening appointment, which is yet another disaster as his 
        twicthing eye from being punched and rumbling stomach lead to yet another 
        patient walking out on him, until he finally manages to help his last 
        patient of the day. Daphne returns home later on, having calmed down, 
        where upon Niles tells her Maris will never come between them again - 
        just as the radio broadcasts the news that Maris Crane has been arrested 
        for the murder of her lover Esteban.......
#S11E8

Following on from the events of the previous episode, which ended with 
        the news that Maris Crane had been arrested for the murder of her lover 
        Esteban, Frasier and Martin arrive at Niles and Daphne's apartment to 
        see if Niles is alright. He seems to be coping with the situation quite 
        well until he gets a call from the police asking him to come down to the 
        station, which Martin says is probably just because he had lunch with 
        Maris on the day of the murder. However, TV reporters outside Maris' house 
        reveal that the murder weapon was antique crossbow that was given to Maris 
        by her ex-husband Niles! He explains that Maris wanted it for her portrayal 
        of Attila The Hun in an upcoming production, and starts to hyperventilate 
        - thankfully Martin is on hand to calm him down and take him down to the 
        police station. Frasier stays with Daphne until her mother calls and says 
        she's on her way over - at which point they both head off for Frasier's 
        apartment!
The next morning, Niles and Martin return from a long night at the police 
        station where Niles relates what he learned from Maris' lawyer: apparently, 
        Maris and Esteban had a fight, and as she was practicing her Attila The 
        Hun pose in front of the balcony window with the crossbow, Esteban burst 
        through the window and she shot him. Frasier remarks that Niles is coping 
        with all this a lot better than he expected which Niles explains is because 
        he has taken the decision not to let it upset him. Later that day at Cafe 
        Nervosa, Frasier joins Niles and Roz at a table but TV news crews have 
        also followed Niles so Frasier tells his brother to exit through the back 
        and he will make a statement on the Crane family's behalf - something 
        Niles would live to regret after Frasier accidentally says he hopes Niles 
        and Maris will soon be executed instead of exonerated! Of course, the 
        news media are all over Frasier's gaffe, but still Niles appears calm 
        which makes Frasier think that he is holding all his troubles in which 
        will soon makes themselves known. That moment arrives the next day when 
        Niles and Roz are ordering coffee in Cafe Nervosa and there are no straws 
        left for Niles - soon he is stripping all his clothes off and sitting 
        in the Cafe reading the paper with no clothes on. Frasier comes to his 
        rescue but Niles finally manages to let out some of his anger at Maris 
        when she calls him yet again and he finally tells her he will help her 
        but his wife must come first!

#S11E9

Frasier wakes up late having had a very strange dream about a volcano 
        that spews ice instead of lava, and finds the meaning of his dream in 
        the person who has left him an answerphone message - Dr Lilith Sternin! 
        She is in town for a one-day conference and Frasier was supposed to meet 
        her for breakfast, so he calls her and invites her to lunch at his apartment 
        (thinking she won't accept) but, to Martin and Daphne's displeasure, she 
        does. Lilith arrives at Frasier's apartment for their scheduled lunch 
        date, but he is unable to make it - much to Niles, Daphne and Martin's 
        displeasure - but thankfully she leaves to head back to the conference. 
        As Daphne prepares lunch, she throws Niles a banana - which he fails miserably 
        to catch, and instead knocks Martin's gun on the floor which leaves a 
        hole in Frasier's chair, shoots the head of a statue and leaves a crack 
        in the fireplace. They hurridly set about repairing it before Frasier 
        gets home. Before visiting the conference, Lilith is in Cafe Nervosa with 
        a colleague, Nancy, discussing the state of her love life so when Nancy 
        meets Frasier, quite by chance after Lilith has left, she thinks he would 
        be perfect for Lilith so asks if he's free that evening for a date with 
        her 'friend', Frasier jumps at the chance. Roz tells Frasier what he hoped 
        to hear - that there is no friend and that he will be going on a date 
        with Nancy. 
Later that evening, Frasier and Lilith finally meet up at her hotel, 
        but as Frasier is running late, he makes a call to Nancy from the bathroom, 
        but as he is talking to her, she gets another call from Lilith saying 
        she is running late. Nancy tells Lilith she is talking to her potential 
        blind date and thinks he wants to cancel, provoking an angry Lilith to 
        tell Nancy to tell her blind date that she cancelled on him first. Nancy 
        relates this to a rather displeased Frasier, but he and Lilith both settle 
        down for a nice drink together. Their conversation is interrupted by the 
        sound of a couple in the next room fighting, so Frasier and Lilith decide 
        to help the couple deal with their problems.....

#S11E10

Niles is getting the star treatment thanks to his involvement in Maris' 
        court case, which includes getting invited to Bill Gates' house for dinner 
        and private viewing's of exhibitions which is annoying Frasier no end, 
        however Kenny brings him some good news - he has been nominated for 2 
        SeaBee nominations, which sets a new record, and he has the honour of 
        making the opening comments. Kenny makes the news even sweeter by offering 
        to call in a favour from a friend on a local newspaper and get a reporter 
        to follow Frasier on Sea Bee awards day. Frasier has also been trying 
        to attract the attentions of an attractive building resident as well, 
        and invites her to the Sea Bee awards, but she tuens him down when Frasier 
        has to tell her the awards begin at 9AM, thanks to Kenny leaving it late 
        to book the venue, leaving Frasier with only the awards ceremony to restore 
        his pride and reclaim the media spotlight from his brother.
The day of the awards ceremony arrives, and begins with the worst news 
        for Frasier - his date has cancelled on him as she has broken her heel, 
        but thankfully Roz has brought her sister along with her who is happy 
        enough to go along with being Frasier's date for the ceremony. The reporter 
        arrives, somewhat disenchanted with the early start, but soon perks up 
        when Niles arrives and starts to be more interested in what he has to 
        say than Frasier. Unfortunately for Frasier, the rest of the ceremony 
        is all downhill from there........

#S11E11

Frasier has been asked to star in a video for the Seattle Tourist Board, 
        and is more than a little interested in Natalie who is arranging it. He 
        meets her in Cafe Nervosa, but she also meets Martin and Eddie too, and 
        seeing how cute Eddie is, decides that he should be in the video as well 
        - much to Frasier's chagrin. However, the arrival of his son Frederick 
        he hopes will cheer him up but when he sees he is now a goth, complete 
        with new goth girlfriend Andi, and wants to spend all his time with her 
        leaves Frasier a little shocked and somewhat downhearted. Niles sees Frederick's 
        goth choice as a phase and typical of a teenage rebellion, prompting a 
        discussion of what everyone did to rebel as a teenager, with Martin pointing 
        out that Niles had never rebelled. This leads Niles to take some drastic 
        action - he is going to get stoned on reefer! Frasier questions where 
        he is going to get hold of some - answered when Roz delivers Niles some 
        pot brownies made by her neighbour!
Unfortunately, Niles' car alarm goes off at that point, neither Frasier 
        or Roz can stay so Roz gives the brownies to Martin who is just arriving 
        in the Cafe. He tries to stop himself eating them as he is trying to cut 
        down on junk food but can't help himself. Of course, he doesn't know they're 
        laced with pot, but having eaten it, buys a normal one to make sure Niles 
        doesn't know he has eaten the one destined for him. Niles, therefore, 
        is none the wiser and eats his normal brownie still under the impression 
        he will get high, while Frasier cannot believe his eyes when he finally 
        sees the advert for the Seattle Tourist board - they have made Eddie the 
        star with Frasier narrating what Eddie is saying. Undaunted, he leaves 
        to go out on a date with Natalie after Niles arrives 'high' on his pot 
        brownie. Martin arrives soon after, and Niles believes that the crazy 
        way his father begins acting is just the pot kicking in. It takes a sober 
        Frasier to point out that it's their father that is high, leaving Niles 
        somewhat deflated until his brother points out that he did get their cop 
        father high!

#S11E12

A team of KACL staff members - Frasier, Roz, Gil, Kenny, Noel and Bulldog 
        - are taking part in a competition organised by local morning TV to see 
        who can lose the most weight, and are up against a team from KPXY. The 
        winning team gets a trip to Las Vegas so they are all up for it - Noel 
        in particular after Roz suggests something might happen between them in 
        Vegas if they win. However, Frasier doesn't seem particularly interested 
        in it until he meets the manager of the competition who turns out they 
        it is a man who bullied Frasier when he was in high school and meeting 
        him again stirs up the possibility for exacting revenge on the former 
        school bully who stole his chess set.
Things don't get off to a good start for the KACL team when Frasier manages 
        to put on weight (he apparently added a salad to every meal) but the prospect 
        of losing spurs him and his team mates to keep everyone else in check 
        until the day before the final weigh-in when everyone seems to be at breaking 
        point. So Frasier invites everyone over to his apartment to make sure 
        no-one is allowed to crack under the pressure. Has the weeks of stress 
        and crankiness been worth it - alll will be revealed on the live TV weigh-in...... 
        Meanwhile, Niles and Martin nurse an injured pigeon back to health while 
        Niles also has to endure the injuries suffered caused when Daphne keeps 
        rolling on to him.

#S11E13

Martin joins Frasier, Roz and Niles at Cafe Nervosa wearing a jacket 
        he hasn't worn for some time and to Frasier's horror, Martin discovers 
        Frasier's home insurance renewal cheque in one of the pockets leaving 
        him uninsured. He is immediately on the phone to his broker, who informs 
        him that his premium has doubled. Frasier tells him he'll think about 
        it, prompting Roz to suggest he make up with he insurance friend Ann (with 
        whom Frasier had a spectacularly bad date with in The 
        Placeholder) and get a great deal on his insurance. Frasier is initially 
        reluctant but soon realises he has no choice, and invites Ann over to 
        his apartment. The mood is decidely uncomfortable but soon Ann is inspecting 
        Frasier's apartment to give him his quote when she slips on some mayonnaise 
        Martin accidentally spilt while preparing a sandwich. This lands Ann is 
        hospital having broken her legs, and as Frasier feels somewhat responsible 
        - and with Ann threatening to sue the hospital if anything goes wrong 
        - he invites her to stay with him for a few weeks while she recovers. 
        So Ann brings her stuff (and her trumpet!) over to Frasier's where she 
        slowly drives Frasier and Martin insane, before Roz takes the bull by 
        the horns and presents Frasier with a legal document drawn up by her lawyer 
        that would absolve Frasier of any responsibility if he can get Ann to 
        sign it. Ann accidentally discovers the document and is upset by it - 
        she realises Frasier only took her in to negate the possibility of her 
        suing, and grudgingly signs it (but not before Frasier had to beg to get 
        her to do so....).
Meanwhile, an out-on-bail Maris informs Niles that she is having an auction 
        of all their stuff and he can come an collect anything he doesn't want 
        auctioned. Niles uses the opportunity to take back a hated picture of 
        his that depicts Niles as Satyr, the God of Fornication, but it soon transpires 
        that Maris was even cleverer than they thought as her electronic tag has 
        been hidden in the picture frame and Maris makes her escape to a South 
        Sea isle free from prosecution.
#S11E14

Frasier is having a terrible day on his radio show with no one calling 
        in yet again, leaving him no option than to persuade Roz to pretend to 
        be a caller. His day gets worse when he is nearly run off the road by 
        a driver who swerved to avoid hitting a squirrel and gets coffee spilt 
        all down him. He is informed by his father that he and Ronee are off to 
        a cabin in the woods at the weekend, but when Martin says to Eddie "Of 
        course we wouldn't leave you behind", Frasier thinks it is directed 
        at him and Martin finds his son invited on his and Ronee's trip too! Niles 
        then comes over, and relates the tale of swerving to avoid a squirrel 
        and getting a barrel of abuse from the person he almost hit - which Frasier 
        informs him was him! Frasier raises the subject of the trip, to which 
        Niles says he wouldn't dream of accepting such an obvious pity invite. 
        However, when Niles drops in to the kitchen to hear Ronee suggesting in 
        jest they should invite Niles and Daphne to the cabin as well, he gratefully 
        accepts the invitation!
Up at the cabin, we get to see a dream Frasier is having in which he 
        is married to Daphne and killed his brother (and Eddie!). Relating the 
        dream to his brother, Niles dismisses it as very obvious as it shows he 
        is envious of Niles' life. This is then followed by Frasier having to 
        endure another bad dream, this time about his show where he hasn't had 
        a caller in months. This is followed by Niles' dream about being a bad 
        father ending with him dropping the baby, while Daphne's dream sees her 
        continually getting fatter while Niles gets to fool around with a plentiful 
        supply of women. The aftermath of all these dreams leaves Frasier, Niles 
        and Daphne bickering with each other in the kitchen which means it's up 
        to Martin to make the peace. We then see his dream - a jazzy rendition 
        of "The Sunny Side of the Street" about adopting a positive 
        attitude - and Eddie's too.

#S11E15

Roz joins Frasier, Niles and Martin at Cafe Nervosa and tells them she 
        had been queuing for tickets for the children's entertainer Nanny G's 
        stage show, but they sold out just as she got to the window. Niles thinks 
        Frasier should be able to help, prompting Frasier to reveal to Roz that 
        Nanny G was his first wife, so they pop along to a book signing she is 
        holding to try and get tickets to her show for Alice. Nanny G is delighted 
        to see Frasier, but m after getting all the children and their parents 
        to cover their eyes during a song she let's her feelings for Frasier be 
        known to him by kissing him passionately. This stirs mixed feelings in 
        Frasier, but he invites her to his apartment anyway, but she is not alone 
        when she arrives - she has brought along her manager and husband Donald 
        too! Nanny G explains to Frasier that it's just a marriage of convenience 
        and that she wants to see him after her show so they can rekindle their 
        passion for each other. This leaves Frasier in a bit of a moral quandry, 
        but decides to say no and visits her before the show to tell her just 
        that. Nanny G takes Frasier down to the basement where she has to preprare 
        for the show where their passions get the better of each other, leading 
        to Frasier ending up making an impromptu appearance in the stage show 
        as a baby.....!
#S11E16

Frasier is in his apartment doing a spot of air conducting to classical 
        music when Martin and Ronee arrive back and enter the apartment without 
        Frasier hearing them. Martin then creeps up behind his son and shouts 
        "Boo!" causing Frasier to emit a high pitched shriek that both 
        Ronee, and a soon arriving Niles, think sounds just like a woman shrieking 
        - all of which Martin thinks is hilarious, while Frasier is less than 
        impressed. Spotting a book about clown phobia on the coffee table, Frasier 
        tells his brother he is treating a woman with that very condition - a 
        dislike that Martin shares as well. 
After being spooked again by his father, Frasier decides to get his own 
        back, and takes advantage of the fact Martin doesn't like clowns by dressing 
        up in the clown suit he was using to treat his patient and tricking his 
        father into the living room and confronting him with a meat cleaver! The 
        shock of this causes Martin to collapse on to the floor, with what we 
        later learn was a mild "cardiac event". Niles and Roz are none 
        too happy when they learn exactly how Martin ended up in the hospital, 
        but he's allowed home a day later. Martin is adamant he isn't going to 
        tell Ronee about what happened as he fears she'll start treating him differently, 
        but things take a dramatic turn when Ronee returns home early from visiting 
        her mother. Frasier and Niles try and make their father realise he can't 
        hide what happened to him from Ronee - how will he explain that he can't 
        have sex for 2 weeks for example - and when Martin can only indulge in 
        small talk with Ronee, she guesses something's up.
Martin tells her he had a "mild cardiac event" but Ronee is 
        distinctly non-plussed about it - they didn't use the paddles and Martin 
        was home the next day. She thought it was going to be somthing like Martin 
        proposing to her - which in his own way, he does and she says yes! Martin 
        and Ronee then go and break the news to Frasier and Niles about who their 
        new mom is!!!

#S11E17

Frasier has called Niles over to his apartment in a panic and tells him 
        that he has committed a crime. Frasier then starts telling the story by 
        flashback - it began with a a caller to his show, Babette, telling Frasier 
        her problem is that she has an uncontrollable urge to steal things which 
        she finds so exciting which Frasier diagnoses as kleptomania. A persistent 
        cough forces Roz to finish giving Babette Frasier's usual advice of seeking 
        counselling and joining a support group, which impresses Frasier but Roz 
        just says he has been giving his callers the same advice for over 10 years! 
        He then takes a hammer he requested down to the parking garage where someone 
        has parked in Frasier's spot, at which point Niles interjects and summises 
        that Frasier became a vandal - smashing the car with the hammer. Frasier 
        of course had done no such thing - he merely used the hammer to put back 
        up the sign in his parking spot. 
Arriving back at his apartment, Frasier is met by his neighbour Opal 
        who asks him to drop by to help her change a lightbulb. Once inside his 
        apartment, he finds Ronee, Martin, Niles and Daphne looking at some photos 
        from years ago that Martin has only just got developed. Ronee comments 
        that everyone's changed - except Frasier, a comment that Opal makes too 
        when Frasier drops by to change her lightbulb as she says Frasier has 
        such a fastidious routine. That's when the crime was committed - Niles 
        thinks he took one of Opal's busts from her shelves and bludgeoned her 
        to death, but yet again he is way off as it turns out that Frasier stole 
        a trinket box from her shelves, and had never felt more alive!
Then the real reason for calling Niles over becomes apparent - Frasier 
        is feeling guilty and wants his brother's help to put it back. Frasier 
        has a key so the pair of them sneak into Opal's apartment, but as they 
        are about to put the box back, they hear the door opening forcing the 
        brothers to hide behind the curtains. It soon becomes apparent that they 
        are Opal's birthday party guests and have come to hide also to surprise 
        her when she comes back. All of the guests are surprised to see Frasier 
        and Niles surprise Opal as well, but the task of putting the box back 
        becomes trickier when they learn that it contains her bronze medal from 
        the the 1936 Olympics and her family want to take her picture with the 
        medal........
#S11E18

Frasier gets out of the lift in his office building, but discovers he 
        has got off on the wrong floor when his key won't open the door to his 
        office. At that moment, a woman comes out of the door and welcomes Frasier 
        to "Charlottes Web Matchmaking Service", causing Frasier to 
        try and explain that he got off on the wrong floor and anyway, he has 
        no need for a matchmaking service. Charlotte tries to convince him otherwise, 
        but Frasier politely declines her request and gets back in the lift where 
        he meets a woman who knows him going up and Frasier decides to travel 
        up with her before going back down. After the door closes, Frasier believes 
        the woman to be a fan but it turns out to be someone Frasier once went 
        out with - and didn't return her calls. Unfortunately for Frasier, the 
        lift stops again on Charlottes floor and she witnesses the end of the 
        abuse the woman was dishing out - leading to Frasier rather sheepishly 
        taking Charlotte up on her offer and joining her matchmaking service. 
      
Frasier is at first taken aback at Charlotte's $10,000 fee - payable 
        upfront, but Charlotte counters by asking him how much all those bad dates 
        over the years have cost! She sets Frasier up with a series of women, 
        who he decides he will take to the same restaurant, so the setting will 
        not affect his decision, but each and every one seems to be a disaster 
        - from a woman who believes in Creationsim to a horny drunk - leaving 
        Frasier rather disappointed and was hoping rather more for his $10,000. 
        The final straw comes when Charlotte arrives when Frasier is supposed 
        to meet his next date, to tell him that she had to cancel, causing Frasier 
        to blow his top and demand his money back. Charlotte tries to calm him 
        down by getting out her book of potential dates and telling him that finding 
        the right woman will take time, but while Charlotte goes to get a drink, 
        Frasier sneaks a peak at Charlottes book and discovers that she only has 
        a few women on her books and he's dated every one of them! Confronting 
        Charlotte with this evidence, she trips and falls to the floor, breaking 
        down in tears and admitting that she's only just started in Seattle but 
        used to run the most successful matchmaking agency in Chicago. Seeing 
        she's upset, Frasier offers to have dinner with her and learns she has 
        a boyfriend called Frank, but later that night finds himself dreaming 
        about Charlotte.......Meanwhile, Niles and Daphne engage the services 
        of Harvest, a professional doula, who helps women have a drug-free natural 
        birth - something that Roz finds impossible to believe Daphne will go 
        through with.

#S11E19

Ronee's mother is coming to visit, so Ronee and Martin have to cover 
        up the fact that they're sleeping together as she's certain to voice her 
        disapproval if she finds out. Martin also has to contend with the fact 
        that Ronee's mother vividly remembers him comforting Ronee when she was 
        babysitting for him, which she mistook as Martin trying to "take 
        her virtue". Frasier, meanwhile, still can't get Charlotte out of 
        his mind but as she already has a boyfriend, finds himself seeking Roz's 
        advice. She persuades him to join her as she visit's one of the city's 
        many bars and try and meet someone as that might take Frasier's mind of 
        Charlotte. Frasier ends up getting friendly with a woman named Kim, and 
        then end up going back to Frasier's apartment.
However, just as Frasier and Kim are starting to get intimate, Martin, 
        Ronee and her mother arrive home unexpectedly - to be greeted by the sight 
        of a half naked Frasier with whipped cream adorning his body! Ronee's 
        mother is appalled and the three of them hurridly leave for a coffee shop, 
        but just as Frasier and Kim are recapturing the mood, the doorbell goes 
        again. This time it's Charlotte, who's cut short her camping trip with 
        Frank and has come by to pick up the key to her apartment, but Frasier 
        insists she come in and clean up. Kim works out that she's "the one", 
        and the two go their separate ways, after which Charlotte relates to Frasier 
        how she and Frank had a huge argument, and she came home. Martin, Ronee 
        and her mother arrive back at Frasier's, and Ronee's mother is even more 
        appalled to see Frasier with yet another woman - and asks for Ronee to 
        take her home. Ronee takes the opportunity to let her mother know she's 
        sleeping with Martin, and sends her mother on her way! Charlotte decides 
        to leave too, telling Frasier that she phoned Frank and he's on his way 
        home to patch things up. After she's gone, Frasier confides in Martin 
        that Charlotte wants someone else - but that he's going to fight for her. 
        Meanwhile, Daphne begins to despair when Niles develops a taste for fast 
        food from Burger, Burger, Burger.

#S11E20

Niles joins Frasier at Cafe Nervosa, but Frasier doesn't want to hear 
        about Niles' day - he is meeting Charlotte for lunch where he intends 
        to fight for her by presenting himself as the opposite of her current 
        boyfriend Frank, or the "anti-Frank" as Frasier describes it. 
        Charlotte arrives and goes to call Frank, telling Frasier that everything's 
        fine between them now, prompting to Frasier to take direct action. He 
        has a hunt through Charlotte's bag, despite Niles protestations, to see 
        if he can find anything that might give him the edge over Frank and thinks 
        he's found the answer in a book of Irish literature. He hurridly rearranges 
        his date with Charlotte to dinner, and goes off to brush up on his Irish 
        literature. Charlotte is suitably impressed with the effort Frasier has 
        gone to for what she thinks is a business dinner, including fresh flowers, 
        but then Frank shows up at the restaurant to get the keys to their apartment 
        from Charlotte. He then notices the great wine Frasier has selected, so 
        Charlotte invites him to stay for a glass - to Frasier's (well-hiden) 
        annoyance. Frasier then tries to impress Charlotte with his new found 
        knowledge of Irish literature - only to discover that it was Frank who 
        gave Charlotte the book, and she hasn't made much of a dent in it - before 
        Frank decides to stay for dinner as he thinks all three of them are having 
        fun.
This situation continues the following week as Frasier, Charlotte and 
        Frank go wine-tasting, beach-combing and a for a horse drawn carraige 
        ride, with Frank not finding Frasier a potential rival for Charlotte's 
        affections, before Frasier finally gets Charlotte to himself after Frank 
        injurew himself during one of their hikes, and he decides to take the 
        opportunity to cook her a fabulous meal and tell her how he feels. All 
        is going well - Frasier is even giving Charlotte a massage - when Frank 
        comes home, and just sees Frasier as a good friend making Charlotte dinner, 
        and asks Frasier to give him a massage too! This sparks off an argument 
        between Charlotte and Frank with Frasier sitting uncomfortably in the 
        middle, but just at the point that Frank storms out, he drags Frasier 
        out with him as he says he needs his buddy! Frasier returns some time 
        later after Frank decides to climb a tree, and after Charlotte says it's 
        over between her and Frank, Frasier finally admits to Charlotte his feelings 
        for her - to which Charlotte responds she's been thinking about him a 
        little too, which leads to them spending the night together. The next 
        morning, as Frasier is bringing Charlotte breakfast in bed, Frank arrives 
        and thinks nothing of seeing Frasier in his robe. As Frasier gets dressed, 
        Charlotte tells Frank that she thinks the relationship isn't working and 
        also that she has bought the old business back from her ex, and is moving 
        back to Chicago - but she doesn't have the time or the heart to tell Frasier 
        that she's moving just yet..... Meanwhile, Martin gets Ronee her engagement 
        ring (which turns out to be a toe ring confiscated from the obese rapper 
        Lil' Cupid), and Roz dates a convict.
#S11E21

Frasier joins Roz in Cafe Nervosa and just can't hold back from telling 
        her that Charlotte's dumped Frank for him - leaving Roz stunned that she 
        would dump "super-hotty" Frank, but is pleased for Frasier anyway. 
        Charlotte then arrives, only to tell Frasier that she can't stay as she 
        has to catch a train to give a speech in Portland, so Frasier offers to 
        drive her to the station as he's always been a sucker for the romantic 
        train station goodbye. As they pull up, Charlotte seems somewhat distant 
        and finally admits to Frasier that she's moving back to Chicago in three 
        weeks and thinks they should break up as neither of them wants a long 
        distance relationship. Their converstaion leads to Charlotte missing her 
        train, forcing Frasier to drive her to the next station - which, thanks 
        to Frasier's slow but steady driving - she also misses. He then misses 
        his exit thanks to talking to Niles on his cellphone, and then the car 
        finally breaks down in the middle of nowhere forcing them to seek refuge 
        at the nearest house.
There they discover Sue, Harbin and Jonathan - quite possibly the weirdest 
        family Frasier and Charlotte have ever come across - they learn that they 
        are preparing for Harbin's mother's wake but as Harbin is still trying 
        to fix their car, Frasier and Charlotte end up having to accept their 
        offer of sleeping on the fold out couch in the living - precisely where 
        the open casket of Harbin's mother is currently residing! After Frasier 
        and Charlotte are iterrupted as they try to get some sleep, first by Jonathan, 
        telling Grandma their secret is safe with him, and then Harbin himself 
        who just wants "one more hug" from his mother, they eventually 
        decide to carry on seeing each other until Charlotte leaves for Chicago.... 
        Back in Seattle, Martin, Niles and Daphne get the interviews for a stripper 
        for Martin's party, a nanny for Niles and Daphne's baby and a replacement 
        physical therapist for Martin all mixed up.
#S11E22

Frasier is in the kitchen making dinner for Niles, Daphne, Martin and 
        Roz when a piece of an earthenware crock pot, currently holding utensils 
        and the like, breaks off in his hand. As Frasier heads for the rubbish 
        bin with it, it triggers off some memories of the past 11 years in Seattle...
#S11E23

During a rather turbulent flight, Frasier gets chatting to the woman 
        sitting by him on the plane, and to take both their minds off the turbulence, 
        Frasier starts to recount the rather frantic events of the past three 
        weeks....
Frasier and Charlotte are enjoying each other's company in bed but it 
        seems they have lost track of time, as Frasier's show is about to start 
        and he's nowhere in sight. Roz forces Kenny to go on instead of him, a 
        role which Kenny slips back into again after many years away from the 
        radio mic although his radio persona is not to everyone's tastes. Frasier 
        finally arrives at the station, telling Roz he had a doctor's appointment, 
        and is soon joined by Bebe Glazer who tells him he's been offered the 
        job of a radio psychiatrist in San Francisco, replacing one who had been 
        killed by a falling air conditioner, but Frasier feels that Seattle is 
        his home and turns it down. Back at his apartment, Frasier is preparing 
        his and Charlotte's final meal together before she leaves for Chicago 
        but just can't seem to clear everyone out - fisr, Ronee's not ready to 
        leave yet, then Kenny arrives asking for Frasier's advice after really 
        enjoying his time behind the mic, so Frasier tells him to follow his dream 
        and quit his job - and Kenny agrees! Finally Niles and Daphne arrived, 
        with Daphne desperate for the loo, but the interruptions continue with 
        the surprise appearance of Daphne's bad-seed brother Simon Moon accompanied 
        this time by Stephen and Michael Moon as well, who have dropped by to 
        see their sister. Frasier manages to clear everyone out of the apartment, 
        and he and Charlotte enjoy their time together before bidding each other 
        farewell.
The following day, Martin and Frasier try to cheer Frasier up, but he 
        is adamant he isn't depressed about Charlotte leaving. Ronee then joins 
        them, having just got off the phone with the venue for their wedding reception 
        confirming the date as May 15th, less than a week away, instead of July 
        15th that Martin was supposed to book. Martin can't understand why he'd 
        book May 15th until he realises what Eddie's birthday is. Frasier proposes 
        that he and Niles take over the wedding preparations, adamant that they 
        can put together a spectacular ceremony within a week with Frasier marrying 
        the pair, still having his licence from marrying a couple on his show. 
        Martin and Ronee are of course delighted to accept their offer, but things 
        don't quite go according to plan on the day itself as Simon gets their 
        flower girl drunk, the sweltering heat causes the air conditioning to 
        break down and the cannon operator to faint with exhaustion, forcing Frasier 
        to ask Michael Moon to step in, but a misunderstanding causes him to fire 
        the cannon unexpectedly frightening a herd of cattle in a neighbouring 
        field. To top it all of, Eddie swallows the ring leaving Niles and Daphne 
        no choice but to take him to a vets to retrieve the ring.
There, they have to jump ahead of a lady whose monkey needs some attention, 
        but while the vet is retrieving the ring from Eddie, Daphne's water breaks 
        and she starts to give birth there and then. Thankfully, the lady waiting 
        outside is a nurse and Daphne gives birth to a beautiful baby boy who 
        they name David. Frasier, Martin and Ronee arrive, racing to the vets 
        after Niles had told them what's happening but when Daphne points out 
        she'll miss the wedding ceremony, Frasier offers to marry Martin and Ronee 
        right there in the vet's and do it again later at the reception too so 
        no-one will miss out. In the days following the excitement of the wedding, 
        Martin moves out of Frasier's leaving the apartment seeming very empty 
        so Frasier calls Bebe and tells her he will accept that San Francisco 
        job after all.
After Kenny's departure, Roz is unexpectedly promoted to station manager, 
        and on hearing the news even gives Noel a kiss - which he takes full advantage 
        of! Frasier then invites Roz and all of his family to his apartment to 
        tell them he'll be leaving Seattle for San Francisco, but they mystery 
        that surrounds him calling them all together makes them think he's going 
        to tell them he's going to die - and Frasier's speech about leaving them 
        soon and the Golden Gate does nothing to disabuse everyone of that notion 
        - until Frasier sets them all straight, and promises to visit frequently, 
        Everyone then says their goodbyes to Frasier, and he recites to them - 
        and to his listeners on his final KACL show - a poem by Tennyson that 
        his mother made him recite when he was a kid that emphasises the importance 
        of taking chances in your life....
Frasier finishes telling the story to his fellow passenger just as the 
        plane touches down - in Chicago.....
#S11E24

